And he said, Mama, I'm home.
Well, I wasn't even thinking about that, but I was so frustrated, and, I ended up talking to him again.
And I thought that was a privilege, and it's still, it's still, I was the only nine two-two Ex-O which was my AFFC Air Force Career field.
They told me that, uh, that I would be called in a guy at the end for me to meet.
There's so much you could talk about on that I'll just skip that.
I didn't know what I was going for or anything, so was to report to a designated place in Washington.
That was the primary thing we wanted to save since there wasn't any way to dump a 20-megaton H-bomb off a 30, a C124.
He didn't get to go.
And I was like OK, and that was it!
So I'm not really sure why.
I was just there just trying to figure it out.
This is Fannie Flono, and she grew up in Ag-- Augusta, GA, and she is going to talk about some stories from her childhood.
And, uh, they kind of actually stopped visiting the family because they were just, just determined that they were going to be white.
And I had put uh, five detachments out of U2's.
I was the only one that uh, ever run the regulators for the, the test in the miniature altitude chambers.
I'm uh, Chief Master Sergeant, retired, as Rick said.
And Granny used to tell the story about how her sister and her sister's husband decided that they were going to move to the city, to Augusta, and pass for white.
There's some cash flow projections on my desk and, um, uh, it's for such and such Cutty, that's the client's name.
The girl that can help me is all the way across town.
Michael Santo of, of Firewell and Company, of Buffalo, NY, they was the one that uh, manufactured, uh, invented the high O2 regulator before that they built fire control on the stove well.
But they were divided about like who were the field hands and who were the house kids, it was kind of--
But he was, you know, in a lot of ways, just like a plantation owner's son because he was the son of this guy who owned a lot of property.
Today he is going to talk to us about the Third SS, the U2 Quick and the Blackbird.
I mean they only had, like, they had five children, one of them died.
And, of course, Androv Gromikov didn't answer anything, but we had all the information from the films the U2 had taken.
She said there were just tears coming down from her eyes and she said, then she said Joe came up on the porch.
Even if the aircraft was on fire, why it, it would uh, burn and it would melt through a lead component for the radiation to leak out.
But my job was to put parachutes on it and life preservers when we would load it and start to an overseas location.
Now that's how, uh, I stay buckled in.
This is Chief Master Sergeant Clem Francis, retired from the US Air Force.
Well it got to where there's two or three aircraft arrive in a week and I didn't know where they're flying to.
They had already had their training in the full pressure suits and it taken me a while if you go into full pressure suits.
And he was a philanderer, an d oh yeah, he was like out there . And, ah, so, you know, I didn't like him, but anyway those are my stories.
When I pull, when he pulls the canopy for me to start getting him out, he points to two instruments on the left side of the aircraft that had actually melted during the flight.
And, she didn't really understand.
I want to say that there wasn't any danger of going in with the bomb because it would not explode, regardless of how hard it hit the ground.
And how about it looks like exactly what I'm trying to do.
But anyway, the animals would get loose all the time, especially the goats.
Maybe she told everyone else and I wasn't paying attention at that particular time.
The doors were locked when we went in.
Only lost two, three aircraft while we was there, and, uh, test phase.
I need you to do something for me.
So I just had to take the totals and try and figure it like that.
He came, he opened the door and I remember looking back and seeing the expression on his face, and I could tell that he was disappointed.
So, I don't have any specific stories.
Different, totally different types parachutes and in an bird that flies, uh, three times the speed of sound, over 22,000 miles an hour.
It was, uh, which we, uh, had Rudolph Anderson in a, a formulation of three U2's.
And it was, he never really had to do anything for himself.
She was still in there.
So I'm like, Oh my gosh, and Ramona was standing there.
Also, oh, let me go through this.
And the fact is she was light!
But all of a sudden, we was called out to look at what was flying.
He would tear the, the paper up and put it in the sand, ashtray sand, set it on a fire and burn it, and then stir the ashes up like that.
I don't know whether he stayed in Augusta after that.
All we done, they never did tell us any place where they was going, even when they left the base to go to somewhere else to stay for a while.
Um, You need to call Ramona at Concord, mind you she's at an office, actually she's in a client, all the way across town, we're in Monroe, she's in Concord.
That's kind of unique in that I, uh, spent, uh, about 16 years of my career in Special Activities.
They said, We're paying for a place for you to stay.
Well, the next day, of course, President Kennedy, uh, blockaded Cuba, and, uh, our ships stopped a Russian ship that was headed just outside of Cuba within, and they found missiles on them.
Anyhow the man comes in.
Um, my grandparents were always very, very loving people and some of, my parents were and we'd just have a great time down there.
I think that's why I remember that.
And it makes you feel just awful.
You don't have to stay there.
I didn't have time to enter in all kinds of whatever.
And, uh, one of my jobs at the time was training individuals how to put parachutes on a nuclear weapons trigger to, uh, which detonates the atomic bomb itself.
My grandmother used to tell me a lot of different stories about her growing-up years and, uh, especially, uh, she used to talk about her family, and what it was like during those times.
We had full pressure suits there in the aircraft just, just like the astronauts wore, except ours was totally silver, silver uh, boot and everything, to reflect heat, of course.
And he was, my grandfather was not a nice man.
It's 30 or 40 U2 aircraft, and we'd started the training Chinese pilots, British pilots in them, just all over the, the world that we were allies with.
So, she's like, Well look, look up this in such and such company.
He said that they had gone up North.
That was, that was a pretty scary day.
Uh, well it's, uh, the speeds got faster, faster, and faster until we deployed overseas.
So, well I, uh, anyway, uh, uh, this is the three, uh, U2 pilots that, uh, President Kennedy's office in Washington with General May.
Before you give me a spanking, why don't you just let me have one big glass of chocolate milk first?
And then once you get everything entered you can go on from there.
Um, no, to be honest, I never read any of the books I was supposed to.
I go ahead and picked the baggage and went to the address I was supposed to.
It was an amazing mood swing.
They've, they chosen me over about 15 individuals there, to go to through that school and I'm not, I'm not.
They have to go through a number of altitude chambers, uh, rides before they start even flying U2's or flying with pressure suits.
But uh, think about it.
I'm covering the same stuff.
This was the first time that, that had happened in 75 years, that TX legislature had voted a military unit being TX Ambassadors, so, needed TX Ambassadors.
If there was anything I could do.
She hated that, and she used to tell her sister every day, she said that, that You are doing wrong.
They took Joe with them, and my Granny said, she said it was such a sad time in the house because, you know, everybody was missing Joe and they didn't know what to do.
So I went to her house and then I called in to this number I was supposed to call when I got there.
Well I get there this morning and um, I forget how, I think either I asked a question and he came in there or, whatever.
We didn't know where they were going.
But I was like, forget it, I'm going to eat lunch I was hungry.
The part was, there was 158 parts to it and we had to break it down put it back together break it down and never make a mistake.
So and let me tell you I got to the point today where I was about to quit.
I don't want to go into the Third SS that's Third Strategic Support Squadron.
It wasn't nothing but a desert; there was sagebrush out on the runway.
He was born in 1880 something, like 188, I think it was 1889, I think it was when he was born.
You'd better get the little screw turned down a little bit because you could damage and individual's lungs very easily.
I got orders to go to Del Rio, TX, so when I arrived out there, well, I found out I had to go to Laughlin Air Force Base.
Everybody gets champagne and some people don't drink it so what's left the kids drink so we were going around drinking all this champagne.
There are many stories in the naked city.
You live and learn, you know, when you test, uh, aircraft.
I mean that was the whole point.
It was from a airbase that flew over Cuba, and of course Rudolph Anderson was shot down.
He didn't say a time again, so he just got me over there stressing out, and I really don't even know when it's needed.
It was probably the first thing I remember from being a little kid about, ah, especially about something that I'd done wrong.
They just didn't like what it was like being black in those days, and that was, you know, I guess, that, that was probably, you know, in the early 1930s, uh, when they did that.
He is from Greece and he is from a small village in Greece called Tokalleka and he came to America and I believe it was 1969 or 1970 and he shortly got married.
So anyhow, I call Ramona back because I had a question about, I was like, All right, let me hurry up on with it, and I had a question about something I was doing.
Nobody knew where they went.
And they couldn't stay in the Augusta area because people knew that they had tried to do something that was really taboo and try to pass for white.
Yeah, well, the guy's here.
We were watching something on TV.
So anyhow, I think I spoke to Ramona again.
Little things like that made a big difference in what I was trying to do.
Well, there's nobody there to help me.
He was the only casualty of the Cuban Crisis, and uh, Kaiser uh, he got the pictures and flew straight to Andrews Air Force in Washington.
Um, and she said, she said, she said, Baby, she said, You don't understand about life the way I understand about life.
Then I get it and I'm like great, What do I do with it?
The CIA unloaded the, the film, taken them to the United Nations the next day.
I already told him, I tried to explain to him that I was frustrated I didn't have all the information I needed.
Just give me a minute if you want to cut it off, I'd, uh, go.
So I went to, I went to Washington D.C. and I didn't go directly to, uh, that, uh, they had told me to on my orders.
That's why I didn't graduate college, but I never, I never read any of the books I was supposed to.
She was a light-skinned black person.
So anyway, Dad goes and makes this nice big glass of chocolate milk for me.
The DOT had to buy the property and stuff.
Um, and so they just left town, and she, she never did see her sister again, never saw her sister again.
So Granny got up, and she kind of walked down the steps off the porch and she was walking up towards the road and she then just stood there.
He would have been born
The story I shall talk about today is about my father and the culture diversities he had when he moved to America.
I'm like, I know how far I've gotten.
OK, can you hear me?
It was still cultural area but suburbs was still the dominant form.
And then I heard him leave, so I'm still finishing what I had to do.
Um, are there any, you said you don't remember reading anything in particular, like when you were older in school, were there any books that you read that you liked or hated?
And they found this house or this apartment building or whatever it was that they could live in, and it was right on the edge of Broad Street.
It's a little screw which set an injection but the, the breathing pressure tube to the pilot and counter pressure.
She's like, Don't worry about it, you know, just take your time.
President Kennedy says to the pilots, says, Gentlemen you take good pictures.
And I was like, I'm almost done.
I tried to jot everything down.
No, she was born in 1900 because she was 16, and so it must have been like in 1926, 19, you know, before, before 1930.
It would not explode without the trigger.
So it was just really interesting.
Her sister could pass for white, and in fact did pass for white.
Well, he was almost, old enough to be her daddy.
That, I was the only 922 which was life support man the other man was a physiological support.
And here I am thinking he's going come in there and be like, you know, just have it out with me, you know, just tell me off like how could I not have this done.
Well of, of course, needless to say, we had a, we could not make a mistake.
And, uh, but, uh, I would think, at night I couldn't sleep.
One thing that she really had as a great defense.
Um, as far as never being told--
So he, we lived in this area.
And he's like talking all fast; he's on a cell phone.
I can't remember what it was but I suddenly got really nervous that I was about to go to school for the first time and that was probably the most stressful day of my life.
And so when they told her she had to go home with this guy, she said, Go home with him?
I was living, uh, right outside of St. Louis, between Jefferson City and St. Louis, MO.
And our father always told us not to say they are animals.
I was reporting to a certain place in Del Rio, then I had to go to Laughlin Air Force Base, which had just re-opened.
I don't care if you don't know anything about it.
I don't care how you do it.
So then I look up, I find out where Ramona's at, and I call her over there.
Even though I don't see how he could have expected me to have it done.
In the meantime the Air Force bought the SR71, now the A-12, that we were working with the CIA.
So her sister's husband was light-skinned too?
But as she got older, um, she never acknowledged that she was wrong but she did change her behavior.
I never did see, and don't know yet why, unless it was just ex, ex, expressing the, the, the need to know what you was a doing and whatever.
My uncle, he's a great guy.
I went to my sister's that lived there . Her husband was in the service and worked with Intelligence, and I went to their house.
I would think, Well, I'm, I'm going to let somebody else go, but then I would think, My God!
They asked a few questions and I answered them and they said, Get your baggage and leave there immediately, and come to the address you were supposed to when you arrived in Washington.
One minute he's banging on the desk, the next he's OK, have it on my desk, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
Come to find out it was a U2 aircraft but we couldn't, we could not say one word about what it was; nothing to our wives, kids or anybody.
So anyway, um, he ended up coming in there and he was like, How's it coming along?
Then I was spinning my wheel for about, I don't know, it seemed like all day that day.
And she had tuberculosis and I never knew that either.
You know, you can't, you cannot survive if you don't have any counter pressure, increase breathing pressure in those altitudes.
If, if your hand was exposed outside of the pressure suit, your hands would go to about five times the size, if you had a decompression.
Is there any reason why she didn't tell you?
They had wound up starting out to New York to visit some relatives of this, this cousin, and they just stayed and he didn't know how to get back, so he just stayed with them.
I started immediately, uh, uh, training into that from the other two guys that was at the location.
No, it was just that one time in the morning, and she said that she was going to come back to the office.
We didn't know what a U2 was and nobody knew anything about a U2.
If it was off one iota, you had to do some adjusting to the regulator itself.
Uh, I was still the one and only nine two-two that had ever set the injection on the regulator.
She didn't even understand the marriage ceremony, she didn't even know that she had gotten married, really--
We would go in there.
And it was like she was rejecting who she was, in some ways, by, you know, the way she treated you know, the other grandchildren.
It was really cool, and the dress kind of blew in the wind a little bit--
Uh, I spent much of my time in, uh, Special Activities.
And I asked him, you know, could I do it, um, Do you need me to stay and do it tonight or I could have it done by lunchtime tomorrow, if that's OK.
But uh, they lived in a little country town outside of Augusta called Evans, and Evans still exists, and that's where a lot of my relatives still, still are too.
My sister keeps telling me, she says, Sometimes you're just like Granny, you treat people wrong for the wrong reasons.
Um, then we moved to a new house.
My grandmother was born in 1910, she was a little girl.
I was like, OK, well that's good, you know, like that.
And the spots of paint would change every hundred degrees, it might be red, it change to blue.
I ate real quick, as fast as I could and then she came in there and she ended up helping me with it.
So he stayed in Augusta after that?
Her sister's husband was light-skinned too.
Anyway it got up to, we had about uh, ah, I don't remember the numbers.
Anyway, they come up with this invention of the high O2 regulator.
And so, we moved to Las Vegas, NV, and I reported, just like I did in Washington, to a certain address in downtown Las Vegas.
Ah, fourth grade was a lot of fun.
It's like one file with a whole bunch of tabs, of different, you know, each tab has like a different spreadsheet on it.
Anyhow, so I finished came home at 6:30 today and that was my day.
I don't care how you get it done.
And so she sat back down, and, you know, they were still chatting, and they could still see this person, and this person was walking really, really fast.
And they moved to Mallard Creek in Charlotte.
And, uh, if it surged and just kept surging it would go 'whish,' and, like it was going to pull your head off.
Where he was a , he was a minister's son, so he had, they had property, and stuff, and they were very well-connected in the community and very, held in high esteem.
I don't have enough information.
And I um, I didn't know how much detail he wanted.
I'll call you back in about an hour, he says.
Of course, they questioned me there, why I went.
And um, it's different, like under each client, is all their files.
It's like more simplified, like the one that she had given me was all detailed and complicated and the second one is all simple.
Cause they didn't actually live in Augusta, they lived in, well you know, Augusta was still a city-town during that time, even though to people in big cities like this Augusta isn't that big.
Late 1962, uh, I got orders to go to Washington, D.C.
When DOT took his property, we moved to a smaller, smaller area in Concord where you are not allowed to have animals because it's zoned and so that's the end of the animal story.
Anyway, we deployed and I can tell now be, because of this that, that, that, uh, we deployed to Kadina, Okinawa, and this was in 1968.
He told me what exactly he needed and that he did need it by today.
She had gone already and she told me just don't worry about it.
This is just, you know, Look you're in trouble.
My, my mother wound up not being one of his favorites early on and, ah, so she was relegated to working in the fields whereas some of the other kids didn't work in the fields.
And so you know, eventually, you know, you know, they kept asking people around, and nobody knew where they were, and eventually, you know, they just reconciled themselves that they just wouldn't see Joe again.
I told them my sister's.
And she said then her mama, her mama leaned forward, and she looked and she said, Walks like him.
I had to start training in course.
you know, and she's stuffing the petals up there and I didn't really know of any consequences.
Well anyway, I went back to my, my desk.
Ah, another thing that happened there that I thought was interesting was one of the first memories of my sister, and that was in that very same backyard.
Now that's how classified it was.
So all that stressing and I mean, I had every reason to stress today, it was like, you're giving something you don't know how to do, and it's like here do it.
So now, here it is, he wants it today.
And unfortunately we moved again.
They didn't want to stay captive.
So it took me like, an hour to two hours just to find what I needed.
Physiological support differs from life support in that he handles the altitude chambers which run pilots up to 80 thousand feet in high altitude chambers, and brings him back down.
I didn't really know Mrs. Faulk very well she was about 80 and, ah, she was a nice person I had seen her a few times but I was really nervous about that.
And, uh, they moved downtown and, there was, uh, and it's still like this in Augusta, this big street downtown called Broad Street, and it really was just this broad street in a downtown area.
We lived off, um, 85 in Mallard Creek where currently the 485 is now cause then the like last ten years we had to move because of the 485.
That was my messed up.
Boss, he was like with split personality man.
She's like, But you need to look here, look here, she's gives me like three different places to look in the computer.
He's old enough to be my daddy.
Everything is linked, and gosh, I don't even know how long.
This time I wasn't even happy that she was there because I was so stressed out.
and that's a lot of it is due to the fact that the mothers are on drugs
yeah it's real nice has it been raining
oh what human life is worth and whether or not you can rehabilitate somebody
oh boy you do have a strange wiring problem there
sounds like a lot of fun yeah it's amazing to me how how many things they would allow
yeah exactly i mean by the time you get through outfitting yourself and then having to go sweat doing it uh you could you could go on a Club med uh  everything inclusive vacati on
oh it was Snake River oh Snake River with a lot of snakes in it
yeah i have a credit union
exactly it's it's an active state it's not something that you can kind of you know be passively involved in and expect to do any good really i don't think
oh but anyway anyway um my kids are now twenty one and twenty four so i don't have to
yeah uh-huh yeah well this is Fresno uh-huh
yeah people who who could be at work at any time or whose decisions could be clouded if they had to make a decision
no they're still they're still on tour they've been touring since late sixties
how would you do aerobics
and that what i think is gonna be really interesting is what we do about it i mean we are gonna have to change the people who represent us
well that's a good one i hadn't thought about that yeah
and they can be very nice too after after they've been trained
day care  two days a week they call it senior citizen day care but she goes to the senior citizen center
and it can go on for ten twenty years i i think this is a little ridiculous
that was their goal oh
gun control means using two hands
and uh but it suddenly comes from somewhere i don't know where it comes from but
yeah you you must've had a cordless
no in fact i'm not even familiar with it i don't think
yeah she was great you know she
are you saying the teachers or the parents
yeah he suggested just getting uh um a uh um a mop like you would use
its really bad out here we just had a freeway shooting about three blocks from our house
besides i probably would look at something uh maybe a a V six
uh-huh that's true it is it's not really uh consistent
well i guess it would i guess so well i don't know i i i really haven't sorted out all my feelings on the drug testing uh i'm totally straight would never consider using drugs
i'm trying to hang in there
yes oh what sort of puppy do you have
well you said you have kids how old
they probably weren't the most brilliant people in the world but they uh were very personable and took uh a interest in people who were willing to study
one time we did go that thing uh there we came back from an event and turned the lights on around the camp site and there's a skunk right
you know all my children excel they're they're really good and i guess no he learns from the older boys too but
and it would also cause people to compact their garbage more uh and uh and limiting the volume is probably a little bit closer to the real problem than limiting the weight
care about how the national news affects the local area
so if there's a mistake it's your mistake i guess
you know especially making the seams and things like that you know it's it's got such a professional finish on them
yeah yeah my place you get two weeks when you start and then every every year they give you an extra day until you've got four weeks
uh that's what's nice about living more in the country you don't have to worry about any of that
oh oh my word well that sounds adventuresome
but no we usually you know skirt and skirt and blouse or suit or dress is is what you see down here so it's nice with me working at home because i can wear pants
and now i have got a sister in Germany
i have a younger daughter now and uh i it's kind of hard to get her  get her there and everything but i am going to to uh
yeah have a nice summer
yeah there there's something about having a place to live i don't know
yeah yeah i you know i i wouldn't even mind so much if they had a um corporation that is financed
we're not real naturalists or anything but um
yeah i remember my grandparents and i used to always get out there on the road and pick up beer cans and uh
so this is this is not your first experience with  with a dog
right right don't go through the whole nine yards and
um no i live off campus
yeah it's ours up here we have our rural connections are real bad
men um free of the charge one guy went in stabbed his ex-wife to death because she was sleeping with another guy i mean ex-wife you know we're talking and
and uh i kind of kind of like the black eyed pea but i don't think it's a chain
is that like match savings
it was um from uh um Wills Point i don't know if you're familiar with
but on the other hand we've eaten a lot of raccoon and possum and turtle all kinds of
i mean there was  had the i had my watch and it was all over my shoes and uh the shrubs all turned white down there
one of the benefits we get of course is travel
they do it as a labor of love so the officer idea is a good idea
so it it looked pretty sharp
and we keep our cans in one thing and glass in another and paper in another it once it gets full getting it loaded into the car and taking it is a pain
Locust Hill uh-huh right oh great
i have a tiff Bermuda lawn here and uh it requires a lot of water and you have to keep it cut very short if you want it to look like a golf course green
the the extra nickel or what is it extra thirty cents for a for a for six bottles everybody everybody comes across the border  to buy the cheaper the the cheaper drinks
it's it's really bad it uh i
yeah i can hear him
yeah it was pretty reasonable
so um  we usually meet like at my uncle's cottage in the um at the lake and uh make a couple days of it
uh whenever you buy an item especially a large purchase item it it's it's something in which you're you're paying and you've always got to add in that about ten percent tax
exactly and i was very flattered until she told me she the company she was with
have you read The Firm
yeah and we just kind of we kept uh kind of uh it was a surprise birthday party for her was what it was
which is a little unusual but its done through the auspices
that's what she plans to do so i hope so
i don't know coming from Texas you're probably i don't know i i shouldn't make stereo types but gun control is probably frowned on quite a bit down there i would think
uh-huh oh she's great she's you know she's a character she'll sit with anybody she'll play with anybody
exactly but i mean with the new laws it's really it's tough now
course that might up crime you know and uh people go in and steal your television and steal and sell it just because they can't they can't work anymore you know
golly you know he didn't even follow any of the rules and i and didn't even seem to bother of course they kicked him right out
yeah it just doesn't seem possible does it
it's pretty much going between Washington they're undefeated and uh Buffalo New Orleans and Chicago because Chicago's only lost twice and one of those was to Buffalo
uh-huh um yes we do have tax on clothes
oh i see well i like the atmosphere myself
yeah they had a whole bunch of things that that sort of broke at the same time
um i have one child a little girl who's eighteen months old
the the second one that she has was one of the puppies from the litter and uh the one male that she used had a tooth problem
but uh so you like different foods huh
oh is that where you're talking from
uh-huh how do you feel the newspapers there in Colorado Springs treats local interest news
i honestly i don't know because i haven't had to wear that many dress clothes yet to be honest you know
you know one other benefit that that just occurred to me i didn't take it as much advantage of it at least not yet in  sometimes big companies will pay for like education
well why don't you start because you've had more time to think about it if you don't mind
um-hum do you find that you're uh  uh disappointed or pleased with uh uh the performance of like network coverage of news
did you go to museums in Europe
there you go well does you husband uh what does he think of your uh T-shirt and and
yeah i don't yeah well what get's me you know this thing it went down to defeat last December by how many votes by just a few hundred votes
oh um no but they do have hay horse races  at the Oaklawn tracks
but i know that in some i know in a lot of rural areas they're not that good
um not even cast aluminum they were just pressed aluminum
right they will go through the slot
is it twenty percent interest
and it still scared me
now that's one of the best deterrents for a robber is a noisy neighbor even if the neighbor's got a noisy dog that's a deterrent because they know that that dog's going to bark
uh-huh it's funny and um i i guess i just like funny shows mostly
and then the second thing i'd probably look at is uh what they can afford
well i don't remember it seemed like it did but it might not i guess i guess
with your TV set and you feel that a fitting punishment for television theft is death
the beach was beautiful and and that was really uh a nice place to go so that's  that's probably one of my most favorite places to go how about you
throw a Coke ad in there
i don't know  okay well it was good talking to you and have a good evening
okay well so let me make sure so so you think that uh maybe a five day waiting period for handguns or that stuff would be legitimate
yeah when i had a Cocker Spaniel it it was an outdoor dog and uh i think i liked that better uh-huh
well supposedly in seven days they're going they're going to look through y our background and make sure you are not an ex-con or don't have
you know i would rather much rather get on a plane and get there and then enjoy myself
a few months ago that they had six member juries i thought that they you know it was always twelve twelve men tried and true so to speak
came back from uh uh Grand Rapids where we saw one of our sons graduate
all the uh credit union CEOs and people like that so she was really into the keeping up on what's going on with the credit unions
i know everybody's i mean everybody's always busy and worried and so many problems people don't just sit down and you know just talk and know everything's going to be okay
do you do you wilderness camp
it's only getting worse exponentially it seems um
Brian in Plano Texas how are you doing today
so it um-hum well it doesn't bring anything but chaos
yeah that's what i i just did today i got uh Darkman have you seen that uh i haven't i'll guess i'll watch it tonight
oh goodness well i was an English major so i like to read period
and uh gosh sticks in my mind he paid eighteen hundred dollars for a parrot and that was just mind boggling
and i really hate to lose them but um that's one of the hazards i guess of uh having a a yard because i
tag them or anything you you do it all yourself they tell you what to do but you do it all yourself
and you're the minority and you're stuck with it but uh
it's probably more because i just enjoy the coverage than it is because i don't have time to read the paper you know
not just lawyers but police officers and judges and the whole legal profession in general
themselves and i like some of their songs but as as i agree as a general rule i i wouldn't choose rap either
satisfaction from what things i've heard
you know it's easy to say well we'll build a concrete hole and and nothing'll happen and then they'll say well the only way to test that is over a long period of time so
no not necessarily um it can be in house people who help you handle X amount of dollars
and uh that was twenty five hundred people when i joined and uh
uh yeah and i was gonna say uh I'll Fly Away which uh i think it was supposed to uh catch some of the same viewers as uh
yeah but i don't think we're gonna to do it because it's uh you can't get local stations and that's the news that we're mostly interested in
and uh he snapped he snapped out of it he uh he was probably uh say ninety five percent himself
so that's that is a problem what kind of criteria do you look for when you are shopping around
been nice talking to you
i'm afraid that um i think his name was Anderson was the the gentleman who ran for uh on an independent ticket against Reagan and
oh i see oh the state doesn't require it well that's kind of that's rather that's rather unusual isn't it
yeah i think there's so much more economicable too just like with gas and everything i mean i can go forever on a tank of gas
a few years ago i was a student there and spent um a semester studying abroad in London
but they did something a little different with them
oh yeah well some some places are good about sending them out by UPS or or other ways but
well i don't think he i don't think he wants to do that but he he certainly would be like an elder statesman or whatever
when they're passed on or something i didn't quite understand it
yeah i have two two boys twelve and sixteen
oh God course the name just uh the name just slipped my mind but it's the Peace of Parliament
i never have can't do anything with cakes so
it's a it's a plastic automatic weapon that fires
um they're pretty neat they're kind of a a a blue grass country uh they're real fun i mean they're
yeah they get crowded real quick the crowd's a little dressier too more of a yuppie crowd
well i have a girlfriend who has a daughter that's a teenager and every year before school starts she has me take her shopping for clothes because they fight too much
you know yeah well i i went to the library yesterday looking around and i found this uh new book by PJ O'Rourke called uh uh Parliament of Horrors and it's about uh
it's um about twenty minutes
yeah that's true but  but uh i think i mean even more than that even i mean if you drop out in high school
uh it's amazing it's amazing what you can get out of a little
and uh it was just really good i knew it was going to be sad and i knew somebody was going to be dying
get in each other's way yeah
well i have a VCR and i've had to return it a couple of times because of the same part failure and uh it's still not getting a real good picture
yeah well i in fact i had older singers so or older older singers older sisters
huh well that's neat well um it was real funny i went to a seminar that was just it was is a satellite seminar it was really neat and it was just for women
you know it's probably about twenty by i don't know twenty by six something like that and it's amazing what you can you know how many plants you can plant in there
uh Dances With Wolves we just saw that kind of late what else have i seen uh Silence of the Lambs
but it's a it's a type of area we live in of course living expenses aren't as bad either though which makes a difference
i don't know though but i still think like out in the country when she said that i was like what
yeah because it's uh it had definitely been through the mill but uh
uh no i never organized one but we're we have one uh we're going to have one on Memorial Day i guess they've had one the last two years
uh-huh yours is a four door
yeah there you you know usually there's uh i have a a farm a hundred miles east of here in East Texas
it was was a lot of fun yeah it was um  real popular obviously it was about a week after it'd come out i think
well oh well that's interesting do you uh did you take classes to learn how to do that
no problem at all and uh if you get one of these mats you know go to a store they normally have these exercise things these ABCs of physical fitness on them
and uh i think that we are going to be uh on par with them in salary and in recognition in the long term
where and um there'd be more honest settlements instead of this um uh tugging of people's heart strings and um making them cry and feel like they're doing somebody good by giving them
uh we get we get uh New Years Day Good Friday Memorial Day July Fourth Labor Day uh Thanksgiving and the day after and then Christmas and a day either side of it
that's right we might come up short next year if we haven't spent everything this year and so no matter how foolish the expenditure be sure we get rid of that money
with the others we've either with some friends done a a sort of Mother's Day out kind of thing where they took turns
right well most most of the time when you see bus uh you know the buses with the diesel that's uh those are carbon particles and uh carbon dioxide and water vapor
oh yeah yeah that's a great place to visit that really is yeah
yeah i like those movies that you watch time and time again
and given given that knowledge and stuff with it and he seems to enjoy it
the sense that the checkbook is just a blank check you know and it's unlimited funds not that she goes out and spends it unlimitedly but it's almost that attitude
do we know what we're going to say
yeah they weren't course they weren't talking about uh where you know you're absolutely unable to care for them but it was it you know they would come from large extended families
oh yeah some people think they're predicting that he'll make a big comeback
and let's see twenty years ago i guess we're were just beginning to get into what they were calling the uh the sex revolution where uh after the pill and uh uh
uh-huh all right bye now
probably and they do it for how long you've been a member i think too
i don't usually i just pass on any recipe that's got more than five or six steps to it because i just know i'll never take the time to do it
okay and do they have good lasagna
it's just that since my money is tight right now i don't even give myself a tempting
i think just one is all you need
yeah i i just um heard of him this year my boyfriend um he uh likes some types of country music and he was listening to that and it
yeah some special interest group
well nice talking to you thanks a lot bye bye
um there's nothing wrong with a parent gifting everything she has to uh to uh to an individual like uh like like you
spend it on the ones who who do have a chance
so if we have the opportunity just because it's quieter
yeah i'll probably try to go see
Texas only had fifty five thousand when i was there
so i want to keep at it because i know that if you don't uh there's there's lots of problems that you can have
expensive you can get a lot of money in that kind of stuff especially the good stuff
and uh so it's a giant plastics plant i think they have a seventy like a seventy five percent market share or something
when i was growing up uh
they don't have snow they don't know what snow is they freak out when there's snow on the ground  oh Amarillo well that's close to here how long have you been in Raleigh
excuse me we pay for any you know the child care but we don't pay as much as they do off base
well well not not even lately tell me
huh-uh uh not downhill we do have cross country skies and
um hum yeah so so so you got a sign up there that says you got this alarm system and what if a burglar comes along and cuts your phone line
so i don't know wish i did
uh-huh well then you just pay it off at the end of the month
yeah we have between the spouse and myself we have six
well i don't have kids so it's kind of hard to say
yes well it it's not it's not legal to carry a handgun in Texas but no it's not you can have it in your home
well i'm in Texas and we have a teacher that died from AIDS
yeah and anytime you try to walk down the uh the ushers would always tell you to go back
yeah well her name's Sam because it's like short for Samantha and everybody calls her him
mine are too but i think it's a real real a real serious situation for a lot of people
oh and then if you try to get it outside of your uh corporation you're gonna pay an arm and a leg
i'm looking forward to it
um well i sort of own a computer we have two PCs at home but neither one do we really own um both are no both of them are sort of work related and
and uh sometimes it's nice to go out and have a salad
i i can't remember i've only done this one other time
all that so there's a lot of things like that that Texas Instruments makes that even the employees don't know they make  for the most part
it's real real dangerous i i would think but with all the accidents
and uh so i really enjoyed that
uh that's yeah i'd like to see them restrict just those like i said before those new automatic weapons but the rest of it i don't think they need anymore
yeah that's another thing i don't understand is is is things like selling technology and uh even military hardware to foreign governments and then forgiving their debt
uh-huh you don't feel as though that that's a decision you're comfortable with because
well it seems to me that that i'm paying anyway because when i go or my insurance carrier anyway when i pay something the bills seem inordinately high
uh well computer science and cognitive science so
wow maybe i should go see it in a theatre and plan to go out to dinner afterwards so we could sit and talk about it
and they just pretty much know how much they have coming in you know and they just make sure they don't buy over
is it we have almost an acre yeah it's it's funny because we have um
well we're definitely keeping them poor and down trodden and helpless
uh you know they'll be gone and and uh there won't be as many activities do you uh
it's kind of like a soap a nighttime soap opera type thing
yeah i always said if i died well i always said if i died i'd come back as a dog  that'd be the best way to be
um-hum well and i was gonna say there are some other areas they could cut you know i don't they wouldn't necessarily have to cut it out of there
yeah well lately about my only halfway experience with camping is we uh my husband races cars
but aside from that i hope it's still warm not too cold maybe maybe maybe well maybe a little snow on Christmas Eve or something would be nice but it doesn't look good
the latest contract that was awarded Virginia sued or has got a lawsuit against uh Gratin to stop construction because it was unfairly obtained or something like that you know
We gate our entry into the technological future.
For example, at a maximum, all the genes turn purple.
Daniel Yamins is a brilliant young mathematician.
And if so, are they often near that boundary?
And there is, I think, a molecular clue that the biosphere is persistently coconstructing itself in the survivable regime for a propagating set of lineages.
With that leap, a regular crystal cannot encode much  information.
Consequently, adults do not need to  tutor  preschoolers in pretending, as they sometimes do when helping them master puzzles or other similar tasks.
Espinosa collected many romances from Californios in the 1920s.
These higher-order complexes of molecular devices arise because natural selection is able to act upon the collective properties of such molecular aggregates when those collective properties augment adaptive fitness.
But I do not believe any such algorithmic tool can be complete.
Thus, when PP is in high concentration, it tends to inhibit its own resynthesis.
[This nation was] conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Wittgenstein's point is that one cannot, in general, reduce statements at a higher level to a finitely specified set of necessary and suYcient statements at a lower level.
Should I be praising him more?
The law redeems not the individual but the community or the nation as a whole.
Spin network theories can be constructed in dierent dimensions.
(frantically)  No, no, I don't want you to die!
The constitutional text of 1787 had stipulated a right of slave owners to recover slaves who had escaped into free territory.
Steve Harris, a molecular biologist from Texas was visiting.
He was publicly hanged on March 19, 1875, in San Jose, California.
In the chaotic regime, the twinkling green sea percolates.
An entirely new legal order was yearning to work its way clear from the turmoil of the 1860s.
The remaining dimensions are imagined as curled up on the Planck length scale in what are called  Calabi-Yau  spaces, or more generally, compactified moduli.
Any higher form of thinking, he pointed out,  rst appears in social communication, between the child and representatives of his or her culture as they engage in a joint activity.
Membership consisted of between thirty and fifty adult men per chapter (called moradas) and were divided into two  common members, called hermanos disciplantes (brothers who discipline), and officers, called hermanos de luz (brothers of light).
4 Utilitarians claim that we are equal because we feel pleasure and pain.
For 4- and 5-year-olds, questions more often address narrative organization ( What happens next?
Intuitively, slightly convergent flow in state space allows classification, for when two states converge on a single successor state, those two states have been classified as  equivalent  by the network.
Some neighborhoods had rezadores or rezadoras, spiritual leaders who led the community in prayer for funerals, saints' day celebrations and whenever the priest was unavailable.
Each exam included a rating scale so that those who took the exam could determine their level of knowledge of the Chicano culture.
Therefore, they persistently create a nonstationary world in which only the relatively recent past has valid data.
This means that all molecular constituents of the system are treated mathematically as if they were in a real well-stirred container to which the trimers and photons are added at a constant rate.
In the final chapter, I step beyond the central concern with autonomous agents to consider the universe itself.
In sociodramatic play as well, opportunities to act out and coordinate various roles probably help children grasp similarities and differences between people in desires, beliefs, and feelings.
Much of the research on Quinceaeeras shows that families want to maintain a cultural historical tradition, and the celebration of a daughter's fifteenth birthday is a means of continuing cultural ties to a Latino heritage.
And, therefore, the state was not responsible for these private persons denying  social rights  to black citizens.
No difference exists between younger and older classmates in achievement test scores.
In the postbellum legal order, the same result derived from federal constitutional principles.
It would take at least many times the current lifetime of the universe for the universe to manage to make all possible proteins of length at least once.
The highest virtue of the postwar German constitutional order, then, was precisely the greatest casualty of the Nazi regime.
Sonja the  child  began to mimic her daughter's tantrums.
Darwin starts with life already here.
The garlands in eighteenth-century buildings are sculpted or painted versions of the sashes and flowered ornaments worn by men and women.
6 In the fifty-five years leading up to the Civil War, the Court used this power sparingly.
It is, of course, rather radical to suppose that there is quantum uncertainty in the law, but it does not seem obviously impossible.
The most common cause during toddlerhood and the preschool years is repeated otitis media, or middle ear infection.
In an economy with reinvestment, what happens if we can take our advantages of trade and reinvest any excess so that we can create more apples and pears than we had to start with?
As noted in the previous chapter, there must be some interplay in the entry into the adjacent possible that gates the exploration by the capacity of natural selection to trim away the losers.
When civil society turns a deaf ear, crazy ideas lose their edge.
The pachuca was the counterpart of the pachuco of the 1940s but also the home-girl archetype that comes together in the young Chicana growing up in an urban ghettoized environment.
On the other hand, particles and the three nongravitational forces have yet to be incorporated into a spin network picture.
McKim, much to his chagrin, not only lost but placed third behind Howard &amp; Cauldwell.
In his reminiscences of vaquero culture and of the impact Mexican Sonorans had on California, Rojas shows a side of Chicano culture not commonly known.
Dennett distinguishes  Darwinian creatures, Pavlovian creatures, Popperian creatures, and  Gregorian creatures.
This is a simple displacement from equilibrium, and a simple device, the mica flake, will be made to quake, hence, extract mechanical work.
Indeed, part of what we need is a way of characterizing the organization of real processes in the nonequilibrium world.
In response to researchers' queries, they frequently say that babies should be trained to be self-reliant from the  rst few months.
Where is the place of value in a world of fact?
By 1868 and the enactment of the Fourteenth Amendment, we were perched on the threshold of a constitutional revolution.
It is interesting that the same feature may occur in the economy as a whole.
Consisting of a core of three or four males, with a few fringe members, a palomilla was an important socialization unit that provided a safe space for young men to joke and express themselves.
They originated in the small village of San Augustin Acolman located near the pyramids in Teotihuacan.
For the truth is that a building'no matter how useful or well built or beautiful'that is not sympathetic to the way that people dress risks looking not merely anachronistic, but downright silly.
I want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had, individually and collectively, the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world.
But consider bread and butter.
Often the only person who can cure caada de mollera is a curandera.
In the context of Mexican folk music la cancien ranchera is a love song, sung by the common folk, the peasants of the rural countryside.
The second striking point is Omnes' claim that some observables cannot be observed.
As the Secret Constitution would again reassert itself in American politics, we would also take the promise of the Fifteenth Amendment seriously.
Until you do the arithmetic, you do not realize that, in Lincoln's mind, the critical moment of the founding was 1776, the signing of the Declaration of Independence.
Yet if I compare Hood's RCA Building with Gropius's Pan Am (today MetLife) Building, there is little doubt who was the more creative designer.
Two American ideas'protecting the flag and celebrating freedom of speech'would eventually come into focus as contradictory ways of being American.
Two very old romances still sung in the Southwest are  La Delgadina,  which deals with incest, and  La Aparicien,  which dates from the fifteenth century in Spain.
Bato is a word centuries old that can be translated as  guy  or  dude.
By the same token, the overall risk associated with fickle consumers, numerous selling seasons, and segmented markets'along with fierce overseas competition'has currently made this a tough arena for American retailers and manufacturers.
Sonja the  child  wailed while thrashing about in Meredith's usual fashion.
We have beginning mathematical models that reveal something about this hierarchical organizationa=aalthough the best current models are curiously limited despite their brilliance.
As the sand piles up, it eventually reaches the rest angle for sand and also extends to the boundaries of the table.
The biosphere has expanded, indeed, more or less persistently exploded, into the ever-expanding adjacent possible.
It is next to a student dormitory known as the Quad, a picturesque Jacobean Revival complex planned around a series of courtyards.
The others do not make the consumer happy enough.
Strange, is it not, that we pay no attention to one of the most profound features of the world right smack in front of our collective nose?
Rational expectations grew, in part, out of an attempt to understand actual trading on stock exchanges.
The main conclusion to draw from our simulation is that autonomous agents coupling one or more autocatalytic and work cycles are a perfectly reasonable, if novel, form of nonequilibrium, open chemical reaction network.
The relationship between rights and freedom is thus turned on its head.
The consequence is that there is a characteristic size distribution of avalanches in the ordered regime and a very dierent distribution in the chaotic regime.
Adobe bricks are made from a mixture of clay and sand, sometimes just called mud-straw, and are slowly dried by the heat of the sun.
Taking the  privileges and immunities  of citizens as the pivotal value of the new order, as Black does, creates its own problems of equality under law.
Often, these early murals were referred to as a people's art.
The audience is invisible; each viewer is in his little cubicle, called a living room.
In some variants a young girl specifically transgresses religious beliefs by insisting on going to a dance on Good Friday, a religious holy day, and a revered day of prayer in Chicano Catholic households.
The plan is the generator preached Le Corbusier, but with Gehry, the plan is the result.
The end of plantation capitalism might have come as safely as the demise of communism in Europe.
I begin life with an endowment of a hundred pears and a thousand apples.
Guns and other forms of weaponry fall into this category.
The festival is celebrated from three to four days, with several battles taking place to win back the Holy Cross.
Think then of the role of laws and contracts, whose constraints enable the linked flow of economic activities down particular corridors of activities.
Your heart happened to be preadapted to pick up earthquake pretremors.
But being equal is not equivalent to being the same, identical, or similar.
He warranted the Boolean idealization had its problems, but found that in many cases the response of a gene was nonlinear to its inputs.
Diego followed her instructions and at the top of the hill he found beautiful roses of Castile, still covered with dew.
But in homes in which family members are preoccupied with the computer, especially the Internet, time spent communicating and enjoying joint leisure activities declines.
The southwestern region with the most researched and documented wedding customs is New Mexico, because the descendents of the early Hispanos have been conscious of describing and writing down their traditions.
Finally she and Juan Osito, her son, are able to run away from the bear and go live in the palace with her father.
Today the term barbacoa is used only to mean the cooking of meat in a pit, also called pit cooking.
But now Maxwell enters and invents a  wee creature,  later dubbed Maxwell's demon.
And yet, today the common assumption is that our officials may be trusted with a precise racial and ethnic map of the American nation.
Parents who throw up their hands in desperation and search through their own parents' or grandparents' shelves for a more  tried and true  vision will  nd themselves mired in the same conundrum.
For the community of nations, so recognized, equality'let us, say, with regard to voting rights in the General Assembly of the United Nations'becomes a norm readily enforced.
Thus, I am assuming that P is an allosteric enhancer of the reaction.
The rabbis were not impressed by these signs.
The late eighteenth century was indeed a marvelously simplistic time.
The immediate task is finishing the war and reuniting the nation.
Descriptions of the wetback experience have been chronicled and narrated in corridos (ballads) and novels.
The problem of exploitation in apparently voluntary sexual relations has long been with us.
If we think we are bound by a certain take on the world that prevailed in 1787, 1791, or 1868, then we should decide whose sentiments matter.
While this is being done prayers are recited.
Sitting alone as a circuit judge, Chief Justice Taney interpreted the constitutional provision to require congressional authorization for suspending the writ.
Dominant Mendelian gene, you see, easily selected once the right environmental conditions arose.
The vaquero or buckaroo is a westerner and the cowboy is a southerner.
Chinese cooking lands in Cuba, and Cuban-Chinese cuisine is invented.
And, of course, the great monuments to the eighteenth-century understanding of freedom are the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.
Members of car clubs are referred to as  clubbers,  and they compete for trophies, ride in car caravans, and often participate in fund-raising events.
During the preschool and elementary school years, thought is largely tied to the here-and-now.
1 People do a better job than computers of adjusting fabric alignment through sewing machines and compensating for prior sewing and cutting errors.
Children would knock on the doors of their neighbors and
The legal philosophy of the Confederacy triumphed, both in substance and in style.
It was not a bicultural or binational position, but rather a position between cultures, a  hanging in space  position.
61 Although eventually young people  gure out that effort can compensate for low ability, girls may conclude that mastering complex math is not worth the cost'extremely high effort.
It would get really big, take us from our beds and never bring us back home  (November 1974).
The same is true of the sense of nationhood.
C. P. Snow wrote of the two cultures, science and the humanities, never to mix.
This is most apparent in colonnades, which Vincent Scully has likened to hoplites massed in a phalanx.
Note that a very simple, compact description has captured these features of the nonequilibrium system, and work can be extracted as the gas system flows to equilibrium.
I, in turn, happen to have desires such that I would be happier with rather more pears than apples.
In eVect, as we shall see later, biospheres may maximize the average sustained growth of their own  dimensionality.
The sense of common destiny is nowhere better expressed than in the Jewish  Kol Jehudim eruvim ze bze [All Jews are responsible for each other].
The compromises and obligations of life under the law hardly makes sense to individuals standing alone, preoccupied by their own values and their own needs.
Conversely, if new precedents never sent out ripples, the common law could hardly evolve at all.
Names, such as  Sad Girl
A renowned proponent of Mexican Spanish folklore in the Southwest and California was Charles F. Lummis (1859-1928), a self-taught photographer, ethnologist, musicologist, journalist, and the founder of the Southwest Museum in Los Angeles.
Intuitively, it seems unlikely that such a planet of nonliving complex entities could have arisen spontaneously since the big bang.
So we are entering an entirely new domain.
The general principle of equal treatment, as we have elaborated it, lends itself to the argument for limiting freedom of speech.
Publications by early American travelers to the Southwest and Mexico depict the Spanish Mexicans in not only horrendous terms, but with extreme passion.
He eventually added a cloister, a gallery, and a tower.
This is the way we live today, Gehry seems to be saying, why not enjoy it?
My favorite example remains the frog and the fly.
The energy of the total system would be lowered if the dipoles flipped orientation to come closer to one or the other of the ground energy states.
That is why it is disconcerting if dress and decor are not in harmony.
If Godzilla' is fitter when coupled to the first species' econeighbors than that species, that species goes extinct in its niche and is replaced by Godzilla'.
for in the image of God he made Adam.
Adobe homes and buildings provide a sense of security and protection from outside noise with their two-to-four-foot thick walls.
Pachucas were the girlfriends of the pachucos, but they also had a dress style all their own.
Lego World could build up the machine tools to build other objects including other tools.
That can be our control tower,  he suggests to Vance, pointing to a corner by a bookshelf.
Thus, while there are vastly many diVerent proteins, the number of eVectively diVerent shapes may only be on the order of a hundred million.
The chaotic regime contrasts starkly with the ordered regime.
Changes in the values of spins on the edges that change the areas and volumes of the tetrahedra can be thought of as deforming the geometry so that it warps in dierent ways.
I turn, in the final section of this chapter, to yet another puzzle concerning what I call a natural game.
With the assassination in April 1865 of the man who had preached a new order of ideas, the United States became a country obsessed with power.
She went on to write Mexican Village, a novel that incorporated many of the Mexican people's folk customs and traditions.
22 Despite these strict legislated standards'with wage levels updated from time to time'widespread violations in apparel workplaces have become commonplace in the 1990s.
Thus, as the diversity of the objects in the web increases, the diversity of prospective niches for new goods and services increases even more rapidly!
The paradox of the American approach toward equality is that though we trail European societies in our concern about economic equality and wealth discrimination, we lead the world in other areas of egalitarian thinking.
96 And parents and coaches who criticize rather than encourage and do not let players forget about defeat prompt intense anxiety in some youngsters.
If the initial expansion is exponential, then slows to linear, as in the inflationary hypothesis or perhaps in this purely quantum approach, then the particle-horizon problem may disappear.
In San Antonio the performance of Los Pastores at Our Lady of Guadalupe Church as been ongoing since 1913.
Of course, if we could not solve our chosen ways to make livings, we would be dead.
We observed subtly dierent shades of brown grass, trees, dirt, dust, hawks, mice, and agreed.)
The arabesques and curlicues of the moldings and architectural ornaments in a French salon mirrored the flouncing ribbons that adorned the women's dresses and the frills of the men's shirts.
As with other  low-ability  groups, teachers often have lower expectations for transition-class students and teach them in a less stimulating fashion than they do other children.
They imagine a dyadic conception of government'the individual pitted against the state.
Children's earliest efforts at make-believe also reveal how challenging they  nd the task of detaching thought from reality.
Left to its own devices, this reaction is exergonic and, in the presence of excess trimers compared to the equilibrium ratio of hexamer to trimers, will flow exergonically toward equilibrium by synthesizing the hexamer.
God is mentioned only as  nature's God,  by virtue of which every people is entitled to  a separate and equal station  in the community of nations.
More, we can actually predict their size distribution.
H. H. Richardson's influence was considerably shorter-lived, but for at least 20 years Richardsonian Romanesque rolled over the United States like an  aesthetic Juggernaut,  in Cram's colorful phrase.
In turn, object must be on machine for minutes, then machine for minutes, and so on.
One of the great interiors of this period is the main living space of the Tugendhat House, designed by Mies Van der Rohe in 1928.
Economic growth is part and parcel of the creativity of the universe as a whole.
The connection between the limited nation and unbounded equality has paradoxical overtones.
Hence, there is a countable, or denumerable, infinity of computer programs.
She should be able to do the assignment, just like everyone else!
In this poem, Joaquan lives and flees in a ship to Mexico or South America, and the body that is decapitated is actually that of his good friend Ramen.
Most homes will have a nativity scene, a nacimiento, set up for the prayers and singers.
Multiply the logarithm of the number of microstates per macrostate by the probability that the system is in that macrostate.
Indeed, the giant cold molecular clouds in galaxies, about degrees absolute in temperature, are highly complex mixtures of molecular species, many carbonaceous, as well as the birthplace of stars.
In the debates about the rights of New Orleans butchers before the Supreme Court, the notion of citizenship and its privileges became the stakeholder for any residual yearnings to express the rights of the nation.
Parents who deliver praise not based on real attainment actually undermine their child's development.
We are literally making our world together, we critters.
This is not to say that for the purpose of administrative efficiency, it would not make sense to divide functions between the federal and state governments.
Indeed, Bios Group is involved in inventing and making them.
The symptoms of mal ojo are vomiting, diarrhea, loss of weight, and sometimes even death.
The Mexican artist and printmaker Jose Guadalupe Posada started drawing calaveras during the late nineteenth century to coincide with this holiday.
Mastery of false belief shows that children regard beliefs as interpretations, not just re-ections, of reality.
The naturalistic  pursuit of happiness,  celebrated in the Declaration, gives way to the quintessential creature of the law's definition'property.
Limpiar means to clean and a limpia is similar to a barrida.
Elves or leprechauns that Anthony John Campos refers to as little people, pichilingis are goblins who perform mischievous pranks.
72 And as I indicated in Chapter 2, the blend of warmth and expectations for mature behavior that make up authoritative parenting is linked to skilled peer interaction as well.
H. H. Richardson and his protege Charles Follen McKim were alumni, as well as McKim's assistants, John M. Carrare and Thomas Hastings.
Indeed, one of the interesting features of technology graphs is that they constitute the proper conceptual framework to consider process and product design simultaneously.
This was the temper of the times.
The pachuco was disdained in the U.S. by both the Mexican American and Anglo communities, and likewise in Mexico by the media and the intellectuals.
So Shannon took the logarithm of the volume in message space occupied by a message and multiplied it by the probability that that message was sent from the source.
Then el abuelo would say,  Pues que recen y se acuesten  (Well, let them pray and go to bed).
The mandala members of the infinite stack of mandalas dier from one another only in the fundamental amplitudes, hence laws, that apply to each mandala.
Both of these can be altered without altering the anticodon-codon matching mechanism.
As we will see, in both cases, it appears that something profound is going on in the universe that is not finitely prestatable.
A third feature, a convergence versus divergence along flows in state space that characterizes the ordered versus chaotic regime, is perhaps the most important to our future discussions.
If so, only natural selection can have tuned it thus.
In the fitness landscape, image, mutation, recombination, and selection can conspire to pull evolving populations upward toward the peaks of high fitness.
On Christmas Day children went knocking on doors and visiting homes, asking for and receiving candy or small toys.
A warm parent-child bond based on cooperation is especially vital for helping recalcitrant children internalize parents' standards.
How does a parent gain respect from a child who sees the other parent acting disrespectfully toward his or her spouse?
Riddles are fun and educational as well.
Indeed, this spreading is the first time step of the spreading of a purple avalanche of damage.
This is not to say that good architecture is merely utilitarian.
The pieata is hung from a tree, with a long rope that is manipulated by an adult, who is able to move the pieata up and down, so it won't be broken too quickly.
For example, such words as erale (what's happening, or O.K.)
Could statistical averaging be the source of order in organisms?
Clearly today's children spend far too many hours in front of the TV set, a circumstance that restricts time available for joint parent-child activities, play, reading, and other worthwhile pursuits.
Deborah Lipstadt, in her book Denying the Holocaust, wrote that we should not publicly debate unacceptable as well as obviously false claims, and thus she advanced a remedy as powerful as governmental censorship.
Several Tejano folk heroes, such as Gregorio Cortez, Juan Cortina, and Catarino Garza became memorialized because of their confrontations with the Texas Rangers.
Fashioning time for parents and children to be together is the  rst step toward implementing the ideas and practices I'll discuss in this book.
Prior to the postbellum constitutional amendments, there were a limited number of clauses that made the states accountable for wrongs committed against their own citizens.
A specific cloud, like our biosphere, presumably becomes kinetically trapped into a very special set of complex molecular species that happen to have formed as the cloud evolves.
Once established, neurons begin to take on unique functions by sending out branching  bers, which form elaborate connections with other neurons.
15 The commander wants us to do something, and has used the language of the law to move us toward action.
In 1863 the nation still desired to create  a more perfect Union,  but it had in addition a past that both inspired and troubled the newly indigenous psyche.
The rights attach to those suspected of crime.
Both implicitly and, with modest work, explicitly, the  piston  object can discover that it fits into the cylinder hole in the  engine block  object to create a completed piston in a cylinder.
Grant such a Hamiltonian, say a spin-glass Hamiltonian, where a spin glass is a disordered magnetic material.
The pachuco speech, a combination of English and Spanish, also called cale, was a fascinating fusion drawing from many linguistic sources.
A general biology is, in fact, around the corner.
At this point the priest places his hand on the missal and vanishes.
Also in this group is the Twenty-Third Amendment, which extends the right to vote for the president and vice president to citizens otherwise qualified in the District of Columbia.
Relajo can also describe a joking relationship, a bantering back and forth, which through the laughter relieves tension and disintegrates the cause of the tension of the moment.
7), and those with low demand (averaging 1,300 units a week) and high demand variation (Cv= 1.3).
The tone of the amendment remains deferential to the states' control of the electoral process, even for national office.
They also show a decline in self-con dence and motivation, expressing doubts about their own ability and retreating from challenging problems.
Should I help her with her homework, and if so, how should I do so?
See Wallis and Varjabedian for contemporary photographs of ancient moradas still found in northern New Mexico.
And today we must also have grounds for taking human equality seriously as a basic ideal of social and political justice.
La Vida de un Bato Loco,  written by an informant of Linda Katz and reproduced in her work, provides a good example of the literary uses of cale.
The disputes took on the tones of class struggle.
And equally unarguably, the econosphere has become more complex over the past few million years of hominid evolution.
That is why we feel cheated by hollow walls, flimsy doors, and shaky balustrades.
How can a parent identify the difference between a language disorder and normal language development?
What we see are details.
I assure you, sir, that I was fully informed of all.
He turned in appeal to Lord Julian.
The sounds disturbed Captain Blood from his disgruntled musings.
Jeremy Pitt answered the laugh with an oath.
But I can't forget that when I was no better than a slave in your uncle's household in Barbados, ye used me with a certain kindness.
I shall be glad to reach Port Royal.   Captain Blood thrust a parchment under Calverley's bulging eyes.
There, not more than three miles away, was land--an uneven wall of vivid green that filled the western horizon.
I am His Majesty's envoy to these barbarous parts, and my Lord Sunderland's near kinsman.
I owed it to you--or thought I did,  he said.
Pitt, who watched the scene from the quarter-deck rail, tells us that his lordship was as grave as a parson at a hanging.
I should have known better than to come so close to Jamaica by night.
Blood's thoughts were upon this and other things as he lounged there on the day-bed.
The Colonel accepted it, and belatedly bowed, removing his broad hat.
But this ain't England, damme.   Came the roar of a second gun, and a round shot splashed the water less than half a cable's-length astern.
Sure, then, I'll be telling ye.
I was coming out on the Royal Mary....
You have the effrontery to upbraid me because I will not take your hands when I know how they are stained; when I know you for a murderer and worse?   He stared at her open-mouthed.
He was allowed plainly to perceive that it was the graceful, elegant young trifler from St. James's, Lord Julian Wade, to whom her every moment was devoted.
But... but... aboard this ship...?  The officer made a gesture of helplessness, and, surrendering to his bewilderment, fell abruptly silent.
You are Lord Julian Wade, I understand,  was his truculent greeting.
Mary Traill would tell you of it.
It's through her that we're in this trap,  Ogle stormed on.
She left him, and thereafter with Wolverstone, leaning upon the rail, he watched the approach of that boat, manned by a dozen sailors, and commanded by a scarlet figure seated stiffly in the stern sheets.
Your motives were no doubt worthy... your gratitude to him for delivering you from the Spaniards.
Why did ye let Wolverstone and the others go?  he cried, with a touch of bitterness.
There's a gallows waiting for this rascal in Port Royal.   Blood would have intervened at that, but Lord Julian forestalled him.
It's that cursed petticoat's making a coward of you.
Ah! And what way may that be?
Ogle wrenched it free, with an oath.
I do not grant the King's commission lightly.
He realized that he might have to retreat in a hurry.
Even now Blood had no eyes for that.
And yet he has been what he has been and done what he has done in these last three years,  said she, but she said it sorrowfully now, without any of her earlier scorn.
It'll not be Bishop himself,  said Wolverstone, between question and assertion.
I suppose that is after the fashion of your kind.
A frown rumpled her brow.
Will you cease your blather of mutiny and treason and courts-martial?   Blood put on his hat, and sat down unbidden.
She had been observing him with shining eyes, but at sight of his dejected countenance, and the deep frown that scarred his brow, her own expression changed.
Things had not sped at all well with him in the past fortnight since his acceptance of the King's commission.
They are within range,  cried Ogle.
I have sent for you, Captain Blood, because of certain news that has just reached me.
Walking leisurely, he skirted the embattled wall, and passed through the great gates into the courtyard.
Why do you run, then?  she asked him coolly, standing slim and straight before him, all in white and very maidenly save in her unnatural composure.
Say that I look forward to making his acquaintance there.     CHAPTER XXII.
You'll ruffle it to the gallows, no doubt,  he said contemptuously.
You'll return to it at once, and take your crew with you, or else....   But Ogle, violent of mien and gesture, interrupted him.
I believe that it was nothing but the hope of taking and hanging Captain Blood that made my uncle leave his Barbados plantations to accept the deputy-governorship of Jamaica.
How could I in honesty have detained them? It was in the bargain.
Colonel Bishop has been notified of my coming.   The sudden change in Calverley's manner at Lord Julian's mention of his name showed that the notification had been received, and that he had knowledge of it.
Well, well, maybe he'll not find me quite so easy to grasp as he imagines.
At the head of the companion, Ogle found his progress barred by Blood, who confronted him, a sudden sternness in his face and in every line of him.
Don't think I accept it willingly.
A murderer--I?  he said at last.
I've been hunting him this year past.
At that moment a lane was opened in the ranks of the men, and through this came Miss Bishop followed by her octoroon woman.
They are ships of the Jamaica fleet,  his lordship answered her.
And for what had he placed himself in this position? For the sake of a girl who avoided him so persistently and intentionally that he must assume that she still regarded him with aversion.
You may be right, and you may be wrong.
You have granted, I am told, the King's commission to this man.  His very tone betrayed the bitterness of his rancour.
She was very white, and she kept her eyes upon her folded hands.
So they've told you about that!
She realized that perhaps she had, herself, provoked his anger.
I shall always be grateful.
Not for his niece, not for his daughter, not for his own mother, would he forgo the blood what he thinks due to him.
Abeam with the Arabella, across the harbour, were the flat-fronted white buildings of that imposing city that came down to the very water's edge.
In my own I've done nothing at all that I am ashamed of, considering the provocation I received.   Her glance faltered, and fell away before his own that was so intent.
And maybe it won't.  Slow and mocking came Wolverstone's voice to answer the other's confident excitement, and as he spoke he advanced to Blood's side, an unexpected ally.
You were just an unfortunate gentleman then.
Thoughtfully he stroked his golden beard.
It was she now who was on her defence, her voice quivering with indignation.
Captain Blood bared his head and bowed silently in a greeting which she returned composedly and formally.
There had been trouble with Bishop from the moment of landing.
Meanwhile Ogle was growing impatient.
Lord Julian was sententious, as I gather that he often was.
Aye--a deal of lies, devil a doubt, as I could prove to you.
What better way?  he demanded.
But I was in haste to land you.
You should have seen the danger.
I realize fully what you did, and I realize that partly, at least, you may have been urged by consideration for myself.
He did not trouble to rise, not even when Lord Julian, obeying the instincts of finer breeding, set him the example.
I'll not be detaining you any longer, ma'am.
Life can be infernally complex,  he sighed.
Wolverstone squared himself defiantly before his captain   I'll see Colonel Bishop in hell or ever I lies to for him.  And he spat, presumably for purposes of emphasis.
It's our only chance....   The rest of his words were drowned in the shouts of the hands insisting that the girl be given up to be held as a hostage.
That is not in the bargain.
I... I believe that he has,  said Calverley, between doubt and suspicion.
And though he should dare attempt it, be sure that his own officers will not dare to do other than oppose him.
Your resolve delivered me from a horrible danger,  she admitted.
It is an honourable service.
He observed her pale and tense, with parted lips and startled eyes that were fixed upon him, an anxious witness of this deciding of her fate.
And she shivered at the memory of it.
Aye!  roared in chorus the buccaneers below, and one or two of them elaborated that affirmation.
You're not very civil, sir, as I have already noticed.
Wait!  He swung back to face the Captain, who had placed a hand on is shoulder and was smiling, a trifle wistfully.
He looked up in surprise, and then sat conning her with brooding glance.
In the cabin he flung into a chair, and exploded, with a violence altogether foreign to his nature.
I killed him, it is true.
Captain,  he said, and as he spoke he pointed to the pursuing ships,  Colonel Bishop holds us.
That'll cool Colonel Bishop's heat, maybe.
Your station is on the gun-deck.
But Pitt, although he shared it, was prompt to obey.
He had been a fortnight in Port Royal, his ship virtually a unit now in the Jamaica squadron.
So I heard,  she admitted in a small voice.
If you will go below, and get your gear and your woman, you shall presently be sent aboard one of the ships of the fleet.  He pointed to the boat as he spoke.
There's a thorn or two left on me.  And with a laugh Blood departed to his cabin.
But laugh though he might, he knew as well as Pitt that in going ashore that morning he carried his life in his hands.
I... I had not dreamed....
Believe me, I am very grateful.
But there is no hope for him in that!  she cried.
We went about, and it's been a race ever since.
That was in Bridgetown on the night of the Spanish raid.
Blood broke the seal, and read.
In that garden's main avenue, that was fringed with palm and sandalwood, he had caught sight of Miss Bishop alone.
I will take leave to doubt it.  His lordship's tone abated nothing of its asperity.
There was here quite plainly a vague threat, a mutinous spirit he could not understand.
Don't be forgetting that.   Jeremy clenched his hands.
Mine is the safe and easy way.
Her presence at this moment, and considering the nature of his altercation with Wolverstone, was embarrassing.
But it gave no pause to the gunner's intention.
But Blood's mind was now made up.
Why, as I was just telling his lordship here, who thought like you that having Miss Bishop aboard would make us safe, not for his mother would that filthy slaver forgo what's due to him.
In his cabin on the starboard side Lord Julian, disturbed by the same sounds, was already astir and hurriedly dressing.
And who the devil may you be?  he exploded at last.
Colder still and more distant than ever grew his lordship's voice.
Let me present Captain Blood.   Perforce Bishop must put on the best face he could command.
Steady, Old Wolf! Steady!  Captain Blood admonished him.
Out of the tail of his single eye he had espied a trim figure in grey silk that was ascending the companion.
No.  Blood closed his telescope.
And that was practically the end of the matter.
'Swounds! Perhaps you'll explain yourself? Whither has Wolverstone gone?
Pitt, at his post beside the helmsman, turned intrepidly to face the excited gunner.
Blood leaned over the rail to speak to the fair young man immediately below him by the helmsman at the whipstaff.
The country is all, sir; the sovereign naught.
His hand closed over the butt of one of the pistols slung before him.
Since when have you commanded on the main deck, Ogle? I take my orders from the Captain.
It gives him a grievance at last.
Wait!  Blood bade him, interrupting, and he set a restraining hand upon the gunner's arm.
There's no heaving to for such a matter as that unless you wants to make quite sure of our being sunk.
And for all that he lost nothing of his outward stern composure, fear invaded his heart.
But Wolverstone would not stop.
He beheld himself to be as the dog in the fable that had dropped the substance to snatch at a delusive shadow.
If it is a mistake to grant Captain Blood a commission, the mistake is not mine.
Through her and through you.
Though we had a cargo of Bishop's nieces it wouldn't make him hold his hand.
If now he can show that....
That is what we were advised.
How?  she asked him with a sudden startled interest.
'Twill be a kindness, so it will.   For a moment she stood before him with quickened breathing, the colour ebbing and flowing in her cheeks.
He was moved to raise his voice above its usual languid level.
My name is Wade--Lord Julian Wade.
I see, sir, that you do not yet quite apprehend the circumstances.
I am pressed,  she informed him.
As for me,  said Lord Julian, with intent to make Miss Bishop's departure free from all interference on the part of the buccaneers,  I shall remain aboard the Arabella until we reach Port Royal.
Besides, how could their staying have helped me?  And as Pitt did not answer him:  Ye see?  he said, and shrugged.
Then:   You ordered it?  he said in accents of unbelief, whilst Lord Julian raised his eyebrows.
Expressly.   His lordship waited a moment for a reply.
But it'll be about the Old Wolf that he wants to see you.
I can't think that it would make the least difference if he did,  said his lordship gravely.
You know, Peter, that it is Lord Julian alone has stood between Bishop and his hate of you.
But many could not resolve one way or the other until they were satisfied upon several questions, and chiefly upon one which was voiced by Ogle.
Ye're going to deliver yourself into Bishop's hands,  Pitt warned him.
Standing beside Captain Blood, he looked astern, following the indication of the Captain's hand, and cried out in his amazement.
He may be right, and he may be wrong.
Your words have rankled with him.
But if she resented his tone and his words, she stifled her resentment.
I am informed that yesterday evening a frigate left the harbour having on board your associate Wolverstone and a hundred men of the hundred and fifty that were serving under you.
England's,  she corrected him in reproof.
But I suspect this gravity for a mask under which Lord Julian was secretly amused.
And instantly would have recalled the words had she been able.
But that it was no more than a mask for his fury and his venom was plain to all.
Levasseur?  He smiled a little.
I hope your lordship begins at last to perceive the folly of granting the King's commission to such a man as this against all my counsels.
HOSTILITIES   In the great harbour of Port Royal, spacious enough to have given moorings to all the ships of all the navies of the world, the Arabella rode at anchor.
He swung to Lord Julian.
Good-morning to you,  he said, and added  I've blundered badly, so I have.
He stepped back, a baffled, impotent man.
Ah, now, can't ye, indeed?  he cried.
Although even some o' they should know better, for there's still a few was on Barbados with us, and are acquainted like me and you with Colonel Bishop.
Pitt, loosely clad in shirt and breeches, leaned against the rail the while and watched him, unmistakable concern imprinted on his fair, frank countenance.
That'll be the signal to lie to,  said Blood, in the same listless voice; and he fetched a sigh.
And what better are these?--Are ye afeard of a lubberly Barbados planter? Whatever ails you, Peter? I've never known ye scared afore.   A gun boomed out behind them.
And a couple of miles this side of it, bearing after them, came speeding three great white ships.
It's our only chance, I've said, and we must take it.   The better way that was in Captain Blood's mind was the way that already he had proposed to Wolverstone.
Some o' them dawcocks may believe that tale.  He jerked a contemptuous thumb towards the men in the waist, whose ranks were steadily being increased by the advent of others from the forecastle.
The young master's grey eyes skimmed it.
Whether the men in the panic Ogle had aroused among them would take a different view from Wolverstone's he did not know.
Heave her to, and signal to them to send a boat.   A silence of astonishment fell upon the ship--of astonishment and suspicion at this sudden yielding.
If anything it increased his excitement.
Then let them know that if they attempt to hinder our sailing hence, we'll hang the doxy first and fight for it after.
I accept it as the only way to save us all from the certain destruction into which my own act may have brought us.
Good-day to you, sir,  Blood hailed him pleasantly.
I... I can't think why you should speak to me like this,  she said, with less than her earlier assurance.
And the quixotic fool is running into danger at the present moment on our behalf.
A thin, sour smile broke on the officer's haughty lips.
Don't you, by God! And what else do you call this? But as His Majesty's Deputy-Governor of Jamaica, I'll take leave to correct your mistake in my own way.
So that ye can be charitable in some ways!  He laughed softly.
Hark to the gentleman!  he mocked.
So ye've come,  the Deputy-Governor hailed him, and followed the greeting by a series of grunts of vague but apparently ill-humoured import.
Threats will not serve, Captain.
Captain Blood's glance raked the ranks of those resolute, fierce-eyed fellows, then it came to rest again on Ogle.
That girl, there.  He flung out a bare arm to point to her.
If ye're counting on pulling Bishop's heartstrings, ye're a bigger fool, Ogle, than I've always thought you was with anything but guns.
He had found the only way, and repellent though it might be to him, he must take it.
Aye,  said Ogle,  that is true.   But there were some who were still in open and frank revolt against the course.
He threw them at me again and again.
That is: that he has been notified of the coming of Lord Julian Wade.
Oh, please.  There was real alarm in her voice.
Fearing to betray the latter, she took refuge in the former.
You take that tone! You dare to take that tone!  she cried, astounding him by her sudden vehemence.
You may have heard of me.   Captain Calverley stared hard.
What I think of you can be a very little matter to you, sir.   This was a disarming stroke.
It isn't that.   But they were fated to misunderstand each other.
I'll not be bubbled by what Wolverstone has said.
If anything should happen to you, Peter,  he said, as Blood was going over the side,  Colonel Bishop had better look to himself.
About him in the waist, where all last night had been so peaceful, there was a frenziedly active bustle of some threescore men.
I cannot think why you should trouble to put yourself on your defence,   she discouraged him.
I'll be getting my hat and cane and sword, and go ashore in the cock-boat.
I must return to Colonel Bishop for my orders,  he informed them.
In a flash Captain Blood saw what was in their minds.
I do my best,  said she.
Oh, but--by your leave--surely there is nothing to be apprehended from Colonel Bishop.
I wonder, now,  he said presently,  if the mischief is of your working.
Shrewd advocacy,  he approved it.
Bid them take in sail, Jeremy,  he said quietly.
I have something to show you.   Wondering, Lord Julian mounted the companion as he was bidden.
Before we've run another half-mile we shall be within range.   Wolverstone swore elaborately, then suddenly checked.
He's chivalrous to the point of idiocy.
He levelled his telescope upon that figure.
Miss Bishop was aboard the Royal Mary also, and I rescued her together with his lordship.
What if he can?  Blood interrupted carelessly.
I'll rot in hell or ever I serves the King,  he bawled in a great rage.
Ye're surely daft even to think of it, Peter!
Standing now at the rail, with Lord Julian beside him, Captain Blood explained himself.
A boat that had approached unnoticed from the shore came scraping and bumping against the great red hull of the Arabella, and a raucous voice sent up a hailing shout.
You'll not go?  he said, between question and assertion.
Ye'll remember afterwards that it was your hardness drove me.   She moved to depart, then checked, and faced him again.
Faith, you explain yourself after a fashion,  said he.
A drinker of blood, he is.
It's the truth, you fool.
Heave to, Captain, and signal them to send a boat, and assure themselves that Miss is here.
He sought comfort in a line on the open page before him:     levius fit patientia quicquid corrigere est nefas.   Sought it, but hardly found it.
For myself, I am entirely of Wolverstone's opinion.
And if ye' weren't a fool, Ogle, you wouldn't need me to tell you this.
See it manned for me.
And what should be happening to me, Jeremy? Sure, now, I'll be back for dinner, so I will.   Blood climbed down into the waiting boat.
Just within the doorway of the alley leading to the cabin, he ran into Miss Bishop.
Ogle,  said he, in a voice cold and sharp as steel,  your station is on the gun-deck.
He stopped short at sight of Captain Blood, and saluted him, as was his due, but the smile that lifted the officer's stiff mostachios was grimly sardonic.
Yet she had not been coming out, for her back was towards him, and she was moving in the same direction.
Ha!  Wolverstone vented an ejaculation of sneering mirth.
Some words do not fit.
The intricate rule books outline all possible configurations of this sport.
The rules and guidelines of these sports are still unclear.
There are variations of this sport that can involve a net and a ball.
Some groups need make up new words to address changing times.
Some groups need make up new words.
The groups can't make up new words.
Names do not have a unique resonance.
Some names have a unique resonance.
Some place names make you feel happy.
Lots of people from England speak more than one language.
No one in England can speak anything other than English.
People in England are required to speak more than one language.
It is easy to add carvings.
It is easy to make a variation.
It is hard to make a variation.
France and Scotland share a treaty known as the Auld Alliance.
Japan and Sweden are members of the Auld Alliance.
The Auld Alliance between France and Scotland has been around for hundreds of years.
Niceness is not solely owned by Western tradition.
People in the west are far more nice than others.
Western tradition has a monopoly on ugliness.
Most people would not know the origin of the word quark and that it referenced the noise made by a frog.
The word quark has been listed in dictionaries as a verb defined as the croaking sound made by frogs.
The word quark is a modern word first invented by scientists in the 1960s.
Banquets and parquet mean the same thing.
The dinner party is on linoleum.
The party is not held on hardwoods.
A forest that has never been marred by man's presence is called a virgin forest.
Due to our population, there are few virgin forests still left in the United States.
The newest condo development in the center of the forest won't impact its virgin forest status.
Cables are a much more prestigious word than wires whenever in a trade.
No cables or wires care included in the trade for these boxes.
These boxes can be connected together and powered by cables.
The Indians disliked Sir William Johnson.
The Indians liked Sir William Johnson.
The Indians showed Sir William Johnson how to plant a garden.
I can still consume six more scotches.
I only have room for one more glass of scotch.
Six more scotches on the rocks will do just fine.
The building does not have a nickname.
The building is haunted.
The building is nicknamed Il Colossea Quadrato.
No one answered the caller.
The caller was so glad someone was there to listen.
The caller was thankful.
We are continuously surprised by Dr. Richards.
We howled with laughter when we heard Dr. Richards' latest news.
We've never heard of Dr. Richards or his ideas.
A slow and painful urine stream was the precursor.
Only after the relevant strangury did urination become free and flowing.
Strangury preceded the sexually transmitted disease.
Lover had a target on his head and thus had to hide between the rocks.
Lover was on the run from the law who wanted him dead.
The rancher named Lover hid in a grassy area while planning his murder rampage.
Via della Scrofa is a sculpture.
Via della Scrofa is named after a town.
Via della Scrofa is named after another sculpture.
I keep speeches the same.
I reedit speeches for my job.
I reedit speeches.
Schools use Webster's COllege because it is the best.
There is more information in the Webster's College than New World.
Webster's College is missing way more information than the other books.
Our vocabulary does not have a linguistic process.
Our vocabulary has a linguistic process.
Our vocabulary is expanding.
Prisoners created stories.
Prisoners created them.
Prisoners did not create them.
My sister is a nun and has never dated a man.
My sister used to date a fan of the University of Iowa sports teams, which are called the Hawkeyes.
The young man my sister was dating felt obligated to be a Hawkeyes fan because he worked for the University of Iowa.
English is badly in need of additional exotic words.
Experts have identified fifty different words that should not be part of the language.
There are many English words that should be removed from the language.
John Burke dislikes Boswell.
John Burke ignores accounts.
John Burke reviews accounts.
Inglish is different from English.
Inglish is harder than English.
Inglish is the same as English.
New etymologies are really delicate to introduce.
You can just propose a new etymology whenever youw ant.
You hae to be careful when you think of a new etymology.
It has been a month since the election.
It has been a month since the presidential election.
It has been only a week since the election.
Fiesty began as fisten.
Fiesty has been around for 100 years.
Fiesty is unrelated to fisten.
Statement gives more details.
Statement is not better.
Statement is preferable.
Davidson does not believe scone and bone should rhyme.
Davidson shouldn't talk in a way where bone and scone sound the same.
It would be better if Davidson rhymed the words scone and bone.
A 200,000 word novel at $25 is a fair price.
A 200,000 word novel for $25 is 4,000 words per dollar.
A 200,000 word novel for $25 is 8,000 words per dollar.
The museum is not strong on catalogues or labels
You can see beluga whales in summer, polar bears in the autumn, and, if you're around at the spring or autumn equinox, the  northern lights  of the aurora borealis.
Canal Motorboats BV has two locations in the city
These open-air markets are also the most interesting places to shop in Beijing.
Linked to Nova Scotia by the narrow Chignecto Isthmus, New Brunswick became a separate province in 1784 at the demand of 14,000 Loyalist refugees.
After looking around these collections, climb the hill to the Commissioner's House, where you will find fine views of the surrounding coastline and the rest of the dockyard complex.
The largest bay on the northwest coast makes a fine harbor, but both the water and the beach can be dirty.
The San Francisco Ballet has its main season at the Opera House in the spring, but also puts on performances during December.
Behind the South American area you'll find the Perfume Factory, where you can create your own personal fragrance.
Those skyscrapers are banks, and the street on which they stand has been nicknamed the Milla de Oro, or Golden Mile.
Children will enjoy the Cite de la Mer (37 Rue de l'Asile Thomas), with exhibits on the history of boatbuilding, the fishing industry, and how tides and currents shape the coastline.
Natural enough, then, that involvement in World War II began with a British Commonwealth Air Training Plan, using Canada's safer skies to prepare pilots for combat.
Hopes were raised, and also fizzled, over Bahamian citrus and pineapple.
The Ming Tombs were once a staple of tours to the Great Wall at Badaling, but foreign tourists have seldom been impressed by the site, finding it dank and poorly restored.
The best ports in the Mediterranean are June, July, August, and Mae,  said the 16th-century Venetian admiral Andrea Doria, noting that beyond the summer sailing season, a fleet couldn't do better than shelter here.
Among the 27 hiking trails the best are the Glasgow Lakes trail to John Deer Lake and the trail around Beulach Ban Falls and French Mountain.
And they remain tolerant and helpful, even though they know that their lovely coast is no longer just theirs.
Kublai Khan erected his own capital in 1279 on the shores of Beijing's Beihai Lake, where some of his imperial treasures remain on display today.
The roadless Na Pali Coast on the heavenly north shore is one of the world's most challenging and majestic seaside hikes (see page 71).
Assimilating more easily with the Anglo community only Protestant schools accepted their children Eastern European Jews have  graduated  to wealthy Westmount or emigrated, again, to Toronto.
If possible, familiarize yourself with the plot in advance.
Go beyond these sights to Nathaniel Hawthorne's House of the Seven Gables.
The sound, some 3 km (2 miles) in diameter, is thought to be a huge caldera that formed after a powerful volcanic eruption.
His burial vaults, 27 m (88 ft) below ground, are made of marble and cover 1,200 sq m (13,000 sq ft).
There the scene is less relaxed and the language problem might daunt you, but at least you'll be able to catch a glimpse of Chinese consumer society.
Napoleon attacked and destroyed Catalonia's sacred shrine, the monastery at Montserrat.
Remember to hide all portable possessions from the monkeys.
Elsewhere in the prince's garden, in a modern building called the Sailor's House (Casa de Marinos), you can find out what became of the quaint  Tagus squadron  of the royal fleet.
Some 1,400 years before the Palace of Estei was erected, Milreu was also the large country house of an eminent person.
Between 1936 and 1940 Greece was under the military dictatorship of Ioannis Metaxas, remembered for the resounding echi ( no ) he gave in reply to Mussolini's ultimatum to surrender in 1940.
The simplicity of Sant Pau's Romanesque lines is an agreeable change from the extravagance of Barcelona's modernisme and the intricacies of Gothic architecture.
A flick of a tail or fluke, and it's gone.
With its entry into the Common Market in 1981, Greece's economic prospects strengthened.
An extensive program of refurbishment is due to be finished by late 2001.
Sea temperatures vary between 18e and 24e C (64-75e F).
The Kinabalu national park is just one of six protected regions in the state.
Sofias, next to the Megaro Mousikis Metro station.
To the east of the gate is the Olympieion, site of the largest temple ever built on Greek soil.
The Poble Espanyol (Spanish Village), on Montjuac's northeastern flank, is an attraction for which the cliche  fun for the whole family  might have been invented.
The staff is working on a program to increase the numbers of flamingos in the US Virgin Islands, and you will find a small flock here successfully breeding each year.
Singel was once the outer barrier for the medieval city, but as the city expanded, Herengracht (Gentleman's Canal), Keizersgracht (Emperor's Canal), and Prinsengracht (Princes' Canal) enlarged the web.
Today the old building hosts the Edinburgh Experience, a 20-minute, 3-D slide show charting the history of the city and bringing to life the Edinburgh of today (April-October only).
The rugged mountains of the Serra de Tramuntana sweep down to the sea so steeply here that there are few points of access and only one harbor and port of any size along the coast.
Dora Stratou Folk Dance Theater presents performances of traditional Greek song, dance, and music at a traditional  folk-village -type auditorium on Philopappos Hill from May to September daily except Mondays.
You'll see videos of Anne's story and of Amsterdam under occupation along with photographs and artifacts of the time.
Beside it, the Norman Gothic La Martorana church, partly remodeled with a Baroque faaade and porch, has a fine campanile with four storys of slender mullioned windows.
The lake itself lies in the shadow of several high mountains, including Scafell Pike, the highest in England at 977 m (3,205 ft).
This collection of European and Puerto Rican art, probably the finest in the Caribbean, would be very much at home in any European capital.
Treasure Beach is the only resort area to speak of, with just a handful of hotels stretching across three sandy bays.
Then comes Bona, a center of basketry which also bills itself as the home of the kecak dance.
If you're feeling up to it, push on along the Mist Trail, past Emerald Pool, to Nevada Fall, and you'll begin to lose the crowds.
Summer brings warm (but not hot) weather and warm sea temperatures, making it ideal for diving, snorkeling, and other water sports.
Among the ponds is one inhabited by  Visitors toss in coins in the hope of bouncing one off a turtle's head, a sure way of achieving good fortune.
Among the many jazz clubs are the famed Jazz Bakery in Culver City, the Catalina Bar and Grill in Hollywood, and the Baked Potato in North Hollywood.
The crumbling faaades of apartments, hotels, and bargain basement shops line Karl-Marx-Allee leading southeast from Alex.
At the center of the resort, in the sheltered waters of the inner lagoon, there is a  Swim with the Dolphins  program.
The port town of Nafplio makes the perfect base for touring the area, or perhaps a spot to have lunch while on your tour.
Culebra was known as the Spanish Virgin Island until the American takeover it lies halfway between Puerto Rico and St. Thomas in the US Virgin Islands.
Umeda marks the northern end of the business and entertainment district popularly known as Kita (meaning simply  North ), and is the very essence of modern Osaka's hustle and bustle.
Some of its residents are descendants of the valiant laborers who helped build the Canadian Pacific Railway.
Get off at the stop before Batthyany ter to admire the colourful exterior of the 1896 Neo-Gothic Calvinist Church which features in so many panoramas of the city.
Cete de Charlevoix is part of the Laurentian heights, reaching to the Saguenay River where the coureurs de bois turned off in search of furs.
It was here in 1775 that 100 barrels of gunpowder mysteriously disappeared from stores in Fort St. Catherine and found their way onto a boat bound for the use of the American revolutionaries.
The third member of the Hindu  trinity  is Brahma, whose only task was to create the world.
Others well worth visiting include the home of Balzac (47 Rue Rayanouard) and Delacroix's studio (6 Rue de Furstenberg).
Pedro took the throne, though armed struggle continued for months and the lingering bitterness long after that.
A few hundred heroic troops under Leonidas of Sparta delayed the enormous Persian army at the pass of Thermopylae long enough for the Athenians to be evacuated to the island of Salamis.
In Prinsengracht, Otto Frank and his family hid in the attic of their business premises for over two years before being discovered.
If you've become an adept of the tea ceremony, you'll appreciate the excellent collection of 14th-century  ceramic tea bowls, tea kettles, and caddies, as well as bamboo spoons, whisks, and flower vases.
The showpieces are the new lion exhibit, snow leopard and cheetah exhibits, and an African tropical rain forest, which is complete with gorillas and warthogs.
Even the location of the building is a technological marvel.
The massive courtyards and pavilions above Yongle's burial chambers have been restored, and they house some of the Ming Tombs' excavated treasures, including imperial armor.
In the center of the square is Joachim Schmettau's granite Weltkugelbrunnen (or Fountain of the World), which locals have gaily christened the  aquatic dumpling.
Opposite, in the Cite de la Musique are the Musee de la Musique and a giant concert hall, the Zenith.
In fact, it was the flashpoint for protests and riots during the busing controversy in the 1970s.
Famous for its August log-rolling contests, the town of Squamish makes a useful base for hiking tours into Garibaldi Provincial Park.
For an authentic feel of old Portugal, slip into the cool entrance hall of theimpressive Leal Senado ( Loyal Senate  building), a fine example of colonial architecture.
(The event is repeated on 14-15 August. )
Dominating the mouth of Sant Antoni Bay is the gaunt silhouette of the island of Coniera, or Conejera (meaning  rabbit's warren  or  burrow ).
These link the main public beaches (from Warwick Long Bay to Horseshoe Bay).
During the Sixth Crusade (1228- 1229), the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II managed to secure Jerusalem for the Christians by negotiation.
Louisa May Alcott and Nathaniel Hawthorne resided on Pinckney Street, while Beacon Street which Oliver Wendell Holmes dubbed  the sunny street that holds the sifted few  boasted historian William Prescott.
A little way along from Boot you'll find the terminus of the Ravenglass and Eskdale Railway, or  La'al Ratty,  as it's affectionately known.
Forming part of the city wall, the gate was intended by the more pragmatic Prussians not so much as a triumphal arch as an imposing tollgate for collecting duties.
Apart from the set pieces, most of the music is percussive and serves to support and reflect the action and mood.
Kuala Perlis, south of the state capital, Kangar, is the departure point for the less than an hour's ferry journey to Langkawi.
Its entrance is guarded by two 14th-century towers reamainaing from the town's fortifications.
The pattern repeated itself a century later when the Moors invoked the aid of the Almohads in 1151.
702/369-1540) the oldest coffeehouse in Las Vegas and, according to some, still the best in all its Bohemian glory.
You can buy several of these to make your own line of narrow gables.
May such terror terrify those in thrall to earthly error, for the horror of these images tells what awaits them.
From May to mid-October, the Boston Harbor Cruise Company (Tel.
The sea is reached only by narrow lanes and farm tracks, but it's worth a trek to get away from the crowds.
With reinforcements, the Spaniards managed to establish a beachhead.
Even so, Paris recently created miles of cycling lanes that crisscross the entire city, making bicycling much safer (and more popular).
You will find a pleasant beach nearby at Batu Hitam.
The first Westerner to reach Hawaii was Captain James Cook, the British commander whose mission was to disacover the mythic Northwest Passage linking the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
In horse-drawn carts you visit costumed villagers tilling and harvesting, sheep-shearing, grinding flour in the mill, weaving, and fashioning horseshoes in the smithy.
Smaller boats for local jaunts can be rented at Sea Horse Boat Rentals, Marsh Harbour, Abacos (Tel.
The outrageous and conservative, one learns, coexist here without much fuss.
The cross is said to weigh 181,740 tons.
The ruthless defense minister Gustav Noske called in 4,000 Freikorps (right-wing storm-troopers) to smash the movement.
Today, tour groups come for short stays and, as everywhere in Bali, standards and prices are steadily going up.
Several small temples can be found here.
It was they who made the first and hardiest effort to hew a modern living out of this hard land.
As you pass through them you may see an old chimney breaking above the tree line, a sure sign that the village was once part of a hacienda.
Built in a.d. 688-691, it is decorated in thousands of exquisite, predominantly blue and yellow, Persian ceramic tiles, with Koranic scriptures on the lintels.
Notice how the trompe l'oeil painting on the low arched ceiling aspires to turn the little church into a lofty Gothic cathedral.
Be sure to see the 1887 a5 coin, which caused consternation among British subjects of the time.
Some Athenians even urged the Assembly to declare war on the Macedonian King.
The acoustics inside the tomb are very precise, exaggerating the sound of your approaching fellow visitors.
These instruments played together form the basic  orchestra  for several popular musical genres.
Freshwater anglers must have a permit ask at the nearest tourist office for information on how to obtain one.
The faaade of the Temple of Ramses II is one of the most enduring images of Egypt and though you may have seen them in photographs, they are truly breathtaking in reality.
To see some of Cluny's impact on the surrounding countryside, visit a few of the villages whose Romanesque churches were built by Cluny's architects and  among them, Saint-Vincent-des-Pres, Taize, Berze-la-Ville, and Malay.
Don't fire unless fired upon!
Only hikes accompanied by guides from the local guiding cooperative are advised.
A series of fishing competitions make up a  season  for the rich, bright, and beautiful, who descend to fish during the day and enjoy the lively social scene after dark.
At the moment, the thinking is that it's perhaps best to leave these smaller, less developed islands in peace.
Nearer to Syntagma, in Koloktroni Square, is the National Historical Museum with a collection of artifacts dating from post-Classical times.
One inmate returning for the guided tour surprisingly, some do, out of nostalgia said the food was better than he had eaten in many San Francisco hotels.
Even in these early times the gods would be consulted with the oracle issuing their verdicts from the Rock of Sybil.
The Baixada de Santa Eulalia descends to carrer dels Banys Nous, named for the long-gone  new  baths of the ghetto erected in the 12th century.
Once you're off the traffic-squeezed main arteries, you'll find that Albufeira's old town preserves a surprising bit of traditional charm.
Close to the original action and still providing the most vivid testimony to the Klondike days, the boomtown of Dawson City yielded in 1951 to the transportation and communications center of Whitehorse as territorial capital.
This was the island bought by Errol Flynn when he settled in Port Antonio in 1946
At the outbreak of war, Canada's reputation for welcoming immigrants and refugees from all over the world was tarnished by the blocking of Communists and Jews from Hitler's Germany.
Also check out Star Computer City in the Star House near the Star Ferry terminal.
Cala Mondrage is practically undeveloped (by the standards of coastal Mallorca), and may stay that way by order of the regional government, which has become alarmed by the specter of unchecked building along the coast.
Flanking it, a modern octagonal church to the east and a chapel and hexagonal tower to the west represent the city's post-war rebirth.
As a Protestant, Pierre du Calvet was appointed by the British justice of the peace but then ended up in jail himself for selling supplies and information to the American invaders.
The nearby streets Mallorca, Valencia, and Provenaa are also overflowing with interesting shops.
Just a few blocks in back of the malecen are a growing collection of unique clubs with a more urban edge.
Detour to see the mansion designed by McKim Mead
It has three meru-topped shrines dedicated to Brahma, Shiva, and Vishnu.
Less than a mile past the Arboretum, you will find two churches on the right side of the road, backed by hundreds of white painted family tombs on the hillside.
You will find the Brehan Museum (dedicated to Art Deco and Art Nouveau) in a former infantry barracks opposite the Egyptian museum.
The Stampede was originally conceived to show all the techniques and excitement of rounding up cattle on the prairies.
Almost 100,000 people a day come here to marvel at the striking architecture and explore the latest attractions in this ever-changing city.
The Beaux Arts City Hall has been replaced by nearby Government Center.
Behind the hotel, beyond an 1898 statue of Samuel de Champlain, the city's founder, Dufferin Terrace offers a magnificent view over the St. Lawrence and downriver to the Ile d'Orleans.
Beyond Payangan, the little-used road wends its way through scenic countryside all the way to Batur (see pagea59).
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), founded in 1861 is America's leading science and engineering establishment that has pioneered many modern technologies, from stroboscopic photography to food preservation processes.
On weekends you can join the locals in the Parque de Palapas, where the strains of rock, salsa, and folk music can blend together into a bewildering cacophony.
The find that caught the whole world's imagination was made by one James Wilson Marshall, a carpenter, at John Sutter's sawmill on the American River at Coloma, which lies midway between Sacramento and Lake Tahoe.
Six kilometers (4 miles) north of Ipoh is the Perak Tong, built in 1926 by a Buddhist priest from China.
Kodaly kerend (Kodaly crescent, named after another Hungarian composer) is a splendid ensemble, its curving faaades decorated with Classical  gures and inlaid motifs.
Henceforth, national unity always played second fiddle to ethnic, religious, and above all economic regional interests.
Plans to house parliament here after Independence came to nothing
Examples of every locally produced craft can be found in abundance here, and you'll shop cheaper than in the resorts, especially if you practice your bartering skills beforehand.
The 60-year rule of Ramses II (1279-1212 b.c. ) was a great finale to the New Kingdom era.
The jagged ridges of Montserrat rise out of the rather featureless Llobregat plain 62 kilometers (38 miles) northwest of Barcelona, in the very heart of Catalonia.
Special coupons are handed out aggressively on the beaches during the day, in hopes of luring the biggest crowd that night.
From the air you'll be able to see that Sarawak boasts the country's longest river, the Rejang, flowing 563 km (351 miles) from the mountains on the Indonesian border to the South China Sea.
An entrance tunnel with a kitchen alcove on one side, and storage alcoves on the other, leads to the main living area.
The National Theater and Concert Hall, Tel. 01-7282333, more commonly known as the Megaron, is situated on Vas.
Have a look at Passeig de Gracia to the east, especially the carrers Diputacie, Consell de Cent, Mallorca, and Valancia as far as the Mercat de la Concepcie market.
Although it helps if you have an interest in American politics, the displays allowing you to listen to a Watergate tape or  interview  Nixon on foreign affairs are nevertheless interesting.
The town's other great Roman monument, the theatre antique, is on the south side of town.
The building constructed above the underground quarters of the SS guards houses the Topographie des Terrors, an exhibition of photographs and documents which movingly illustrates the lives of those who resisted the Nazi terror.
If and when that project is completed, it should become one of the most interesting of the entire chain.
Between the island and the mainland is Laguna Nichupte, a huge seawater lagoon bounded by mangrove swamps that are havens to numerous species of wildlife.
The hand-made cars are the city's best-loved attraction, and the system was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
During the Depression, it was the country's poorest province, close to starvation.
The 1992 Olympics cemented Barcelona's reputation as a sports-mad city.
Wander the decks and talk to the actors who play the parts of sailors and pilgrims.
The building's most legendary feature is the grasshopper weathervane.
For longer stays, the information office provides detailed maps of Quetico's fantastic network of interlocking waterways.
Pei tower a winding path leads up to Hong Kong Park.
The chairlift is a great favourite.
For information, call (213) 623-2489 on weekdays between 9am and 5pm.
The island's tranquility lasted until 1287, when Alfonso III of Aragen, smarting over a series of humiliations at the hands of his nobles, found a pretext for invasion.
On a platform above the columns is a carved figure of Chaac-Mool in reclining position, its belly hollowed into a bowl to receive offerings some experts think these included human hearts fresh from the body.
The town of Alaior, a mass of white houses clustered on a low hill, looks at a distance like an Arab or Andalusian village.
The largest town on the lake's south coast is Siefok.
From a Gothic portico in the middle of town, beside the massive 13th-acentury campanile, a staircase of 90 steps takes you down to the sanctuary's 11th-century bronze doors.
They love to socialize, and bars particularly the famous  brown bars  are the place where they meet, usually to put the world to rights.
It is operated by simply lifting two planks of wood by hand
The second tower houses the infinitely more boisterous, modern Toronto Stock Exchange.
The buses stop either at the station on Isidoro Macabich, or in the case of the small blue buses opposite the Delegacien del Gobierno building on the same avenue.
Across from the square are the back streets of Laleli, the place to look for low-priced clothes.
Indoor skating is available at the Ditan Ice Arena in Ditan Park and at the underground shopping center connecting the Traders and China World hotels (1 Jianguomenwai Dajie).
It was a formidable weapon but weighed so much that it could be transported only 5-kms (3-miles) per day
The Liao capital at Beijing, then known as Yanjing, occupied the southeast region of what is the modern capital today, with the Fayuan Temple the only surviving monument.
The area of greatest interest to visitors is the small old quarter that surrounds the cathedral, which sits on a small hill overlooking the bay.
See the list of beach highlights on pages 82 and 85.
In the meantime, Caldas de Monchique is a good place for a picnic and a stroll in the woods.
You can walk the decks or even take a two-hour cruise on this replica of the famous 1921 champion sailship portrayed on the Canadian ten-cent coin.
Visitors to the Spectrum section are encouraged to manipulate various machines and participate in scientific experiments.
The Gorges d'Apreamont (near the little town of Barbizon, famed as a haunt of 19th-century landscape painters) tend to be less crowded.
In past centuries, however, it was the haunt of Caribbean pirates, being far from the clutches of colonial overlords in Havana, San Juan in Puerto Rico, and Panama City, the nearest colonial outposts.
Tourist offices have tried to rename the area L'Estrie, but even the most militant Quebecois prefer the customary direct, if approximate, translation of the  Cantons de l'Est.
On your way, you'll pass the Palace of Fine Arts, a restored relic of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition.
The corner house at Number 8 was until recently the official residence of the president of the Generalitat.
Pilgrims would buy honey cakes for this snake and leave them at the temple entrance for it to enjoy.
After two centuries of religious heresy, the Church needed a spiritual renewal, finding the perfect ally in Francis of Assisi (1182-1226), pious without being troublesomely militant.
As it snakes up and down the peaks and ridges, the wall conforms to a challenging topography, one that leaves many tourists gasping for breath.
But with all the new-fangled razzmatazz, the museum hasn't forgotten the charm of mint-condition antique cars and, above all, old train engines behemoths from the great era of steam that truly  made  Canada.
Madrid's collection of Spanish Old Masters Vealazquez, El Greaco, Goya, Zurabaran, and more is unarivalled in the world.
The Maritime Museum traces the history of the Pacific port.
29 for furniture and silver, Tai Sing Company at 122 for porcelain.
Little is known of the earliest Stone Age inhabitants of Europe's southwestern extremity.
Kilometer 7 sees a right turn to the 18-hole Pok-Ta-Pok golf course, which is located on a large land-mass that juts out into the lagoon.
Dam Square was landlocked for the first time in its history.
Just so long as you don't object to being shown up by the resident ten-year-old experts.
Colenia de Sant Jordi is lined with hotels and villas, but it seems a rather half-hearted attempt at a resort.
Today the site is called the Temple of Heaven Park (Tiantan Gongyuan).
For film buffs, the most interesting display will be the collection of old nickelodeons, autoscopes, and movieola machines that projected the very first moving pictures.
Such boats were developed to allow quick access to incoming ships.
Continuing east, you pass the unprepossessing modern faaade of the Komische Oper, one of Berlin's most important opera companies.
Miramar, a pleasant residential quarter with fine family homes, benefits from its position alongside the Isla Grande commuter airport.
If you're looking for an evening alternative to Harvard Square, head to Hispanic-flavored Inman Square, located down Cambridge Street.
The Great Depression hit California hard.
In 1847, a savage uprising known as the Caste War saw Mayan rebels massacre white settlers and take control of nearly two-thirds of the peninsula.
Leaf monkeys and long-tailed macaques are among the wildlife.
You'll find these in various sizes and with different decoration.
Nearby Xlapak has only one major structure, a palace, but Labna, the final Puuc site on the tour, has a number of structures to explore.
The spirit of liberalism prevalent in Europe was tardy in reaching Spain.
Cynicism dissolves with your first taste of the town's gentle ambience, created by a clever combination of the comforts of sophisticated modernity with the simpler joys of the wilderness at its back door.
Still there is shade and a flower garden in the middle of the square where locals and visitors alike rendezvous for lunch or dinner dates.
The edifice links two identical churches, the Franzesischer Dom (or French Cathedral) to the north, built for the immigrant Huguenots, and the Deutscher Dom (German Cathedral) to the south.
At night there are many good restaurants, clubs, and theaters to enjoy, and by day there is the glorious beach, complete with an amusement pier, antique carousel, and the nearby shopping arcades.
Visitors can also see a 28-minute  virtual history  multimedia film about Barcino-Barcelona.
Beside the cruise port is Flag Hill, rising 700 ft (214 m) above sea level.
One is cautioned about eating food openly, as the monkeys are likely to view this as an invitation to dine.
Underneath the bridges in the harbor is a small island called Potter's Cay.
s great historic moment came in 1864, when its capital, Charlottetown, hosted a meeting of Maritime leaders with delegates from Ontario and Quebec to chart the path to Canada's federal status as a united dominion.
Amsterdam has many facets, almost as many as the diamonds for which the city is famous.
Another important defeat took place at Rocroi, in Flanders, in 1643, when Spanish troops, never to regain their former glory, were routed by the French.
Next to the church is all that remains of Contra-Aquincum an excavated square with benches and a small display of tablets and reliefs found on the site.
Look out for coconut rum and other fruit rums there's a tremendous variety.
There are also plenty of venues for more  risque  or avant-garde performances.
The heart of ancient Athens was centered around the dome of the Acropolis, with sacred temples built atop the rock and the town built on its undulating flanks.
Under the altar, a silver disc surrounds a hole marking the place where, tradition says, Jesus's cross was raised alongside those of the two thieves on either side.
Open spaces discovered since the 1960s are now believed to be used for  ball games,  which had an important though as yet only poorly understood ceremonial purpose in Indian culture.
Away from the coast, the terrain slopes through pines, mimosa, eucalyptus, and heather to an altitude of nearly 915 m (3,000 ft).
The Saronic islands have a longer season stretching from April to October.
Ask your travel agency or the Berlin tourist office for details of upcoming programs, and book in advance where possible.
Hundreds of day-trippers cruise to both islands, eager to do it all before they have to get back on the boat.
Back in town, a waterfront stroll takes you through Chinatown on Jalan Bandar.
The nearest facilities can be found at Mount Parnassus (from December-March), a two-hour drive from the city.
You'll be able to play alongside the  high rollers  at the roulette or craps tables or put a few coins in the slot machines.
Museums are superbly laid out, and most provide leaflets (usually in German, but often in English and French) with detailed information about the exhibits; you will find honesty boxes for payment freely dotted about.
This is a newcomer to Hungary, and you will have to drive some way out of town if you want to play.
Later it held courts of law, and justice was dispensed here.
The roads twist and turn around sharp bends and roll up and over undulations.
Just east of the Star Ferry terminal, you'll come to City Hall.
there are almost no traces of it in Beijing today.
Without doubt, the initial lure of the city is its numerous historic buildings.
The principal shopping and strolling avenues are the elegant Passeig de Gracia, Barcelona's version of the Champs d'Elysee, and pedestrian-only Rambla de Catalunya, an uptown segment of La Rambla.
Many state and local governments have additional audit requirements.
Human resources systems were consolidated and new corporate structures were quickly defined to ensure continued support to the enlarged customer base.
Although funding strategies can be improved, funding is available for this work.
The information security group conducts between 8 and 12 sessions a month.
The statistics on rural routes presented in this paper are based on the 1989 National Mail Count data.c
Executives could also receive a rating of provisional or fail for each element.
However, preliminary engineering was accomplished earlier.
In lieu of establishing either completely centralized or decentralized CIO organizations, leading organizations manage their information resources through a combination of such structures.
Since Title 7 requires the validity of travel claims to be established prior to certification for payment, we believe that listing all expenses individually on the travel voucher helps satisfy this requirement.
Our examination of the original studies used in this analysis finds that the health endpoints that are potentially affected by the GAM issues  reduced hospital admissions in both the Base and Alternative Estimates
Consequently, government decisionmakers and managers are adopting new ways of thinking, considering different ways of achieving goals, and using new information to guide decisions.
Case files may need to be translated for those clients who read a language other than English.
This applies to both C-R relationships defined by a single C-R function and those defined by a pooling of multiple C-R functions.
A subject that is discussed during the entry interview is the household's reaction to advertising mail.
Other efforts currently under way or planned include the
189 and the user costs are estimated in the same way.
Include such factors as short time frames, the deletion of original computer files, and the lack of access to needed documents.
Figure 4 shows the supply curve of workshare services.
For example, in GGD, a design study was done as a separate job, culminating
Then, the same representative who made the initial visit revisits the new provider to answer questions and discuss any problems noted in the claims sample.
Not only does saving affect the stock of wealth, but wealth in turn influences the choice to save.
All nine responding agencies report participation in a
Since 1996, households' wealthincome ratio has increased rapidly-peaking at 6.4 in 1999.
For example, one organization that we studied had experienced two mergers that required the company to quickly integrate the new businesses and restructure to meet growing business needs.
In the subclass approach, the basic and the workshare category are each given a percentage markup over cost, in order to obtain their average rate.
It is the duty of a CIO to manage expectations and help ensure that all members of a CIO organization have a clear understanding of their responsibilities.
the design, we were concerned that payment would be authorized before verifying that the travel actually took place.
19 Assuming four months of work prior to contract award, a total elapsed time of 13 months would have been necessary to retrofit this 675 MWe boiler.
Technology is highly integrated with the business processes in these organizations because technology is viewed as an enabler for the business, not just a tool.
However, the SAB, supported by recent literature addressing this issue (Rossi et al.
As a simple example, suppose the cost of worksharing is 10a and the cost of basic mail is 16a.
The shortage of skilled IT workers in the current market environment is often a major reason for leading organizations to outsource.
Two concepts that appear often in the literature may be useful in informing future research.
It is not possible to know the extent or direction of the bias in the total incidence change based on the general application of a single C-R function everywhere.
The lines composed of boxes show the welfare level of all mailers combined and the lines composed of diamonds show the technical losses (if negative) of shifting the work to another party.
Based on this risk assessment, Centrelink developed a range of specific prevention strategies aimed at educating beneficiaries and employers on income reporting requirements.
This allowed demonstrations of the design before the companies made more costly investments in manufacturing equipment and tooling to build production representative prototypes for the demonstration phase.
The technical cost effects, due to the work being done by a party that may do it at a higher cost, are also calculated in the same way as before.
To do otherwise would send a troubling message to GAO's employees, the press, and the public.
Practice 4: Manage Risk on a Continuing Basis
South Carolina's collaborative efforts produced another success the following year.
A county employee will be on hand to assist litigants with their research as well.
, the Regional Haze RIA and the NOx SIP Call RIA), the low-end estimate of benefits assumed a threshold in PM health effects at 15 :g/m3.
Some facility owners have been innovative in their construction plans to minimize down time.
The CIO and decision-making authorities decide what type of work is appropriate to outsource and what type of work is best performed internally.
According to a Board official, the Board's section 605(b) certifications were not provided separately to the Small Business Administration (SBA) Chief Counsel for Advocacy.
In addition, program personnel conduct various workshops for and make educational materials available to new providers.
When a match occurs for hotel and certain other charges, a verification of the actual trip would be made.
49 A wage premium allows cream skimmers to obtain an efficiency/cost advantage simply by paying the prevailing wage.
For example, employees could be required to use the agencydesignated charge card for hotel and certain other costs.
LSC-funded attorneys would be required to monitor the movements of their clients, and to withdraw from cases whenever their alien clients leave the United States.
Prototypes were used by commercial companies throughout the product development process and not just during product integration.
29 Therefore, 21 months should be a reasonable, and in some cases a conservative estimate of the total time necessary to retrofit a single utility boiler.
The corporate CIO works with CIOs or other information managers in each of the business units to ensure efficient, reliable, and interoperable technology for the entire corporation.
BLM included the fully successful performance standards
This has been true in primary care settings as well.
For example, one state capital that we visited is home to over 600 software companies.
The inclusion of all necessary parts or elements.
But her work on the bench affects the lives of the underprivileged, as Zelon puts it, one by one.
Leading organizations decide, as part of a sourcing strategy, whether to provide specific information technology and management services with in-house staff or external providers.
Ultimately, the CEO controls the assignment of information technology and management functions to the CIO, the CIO organization, and other organizational units.
The welfare effects on the mailers who shift are calculated in the same way as in the above section on profits.
For example, in 1983 the Old-Age and Survivors Insurance trust fund borrowed from the Disability Insurance and Hospital Insurance trust funds.
1) Increasing penetration of alternative modes of communication
Developing a CIO organization is an ongoing process that demands a clear understanding of the organizationas responsibility for helping meet business needs.
1In contrast to the previous section, all data in this section are from the year 1988.
The estimates derived from the long-term exposure studies, which account for a major share of the benefits in the Base Estimate, are not affected.
Efficacy trials are the first step, but implementation of proven alcohol screening and brief intervention systems in hospital- and community-based settings has been the most difficult part of the process.
The flow of saving is essential to accumulating a stock of wealth-as a general rule someone who never saves will have no wealth.
Absent a formal motion to withdraw, an attorney of record in federal court remains responsible, both ethically and under the rules of court, for responding to any matter that should arise.
G. Burdens of Requiring LSC Funded Attorneys to Withdraw from Cases When the Client Leaves the United States
An organizationas sourcing strategy is part of a larger human capital development strategy, which is discussed in principle VI.
Second, the ED is a fast-paced environment in which providers cannot easily find time to conduct brief alcohol interventions, even if they have the training, skills, and desire to do so.
This is a large challenge and a large expectation for any one system of intervention.
When the travel voucher is being processed, the automated system could compare the information on the actual charges processed by the charge card company with those claimed on the voucher.
Temporarily suspending legal representation during a client's absence by seeking a continuance is not a viable alternative to formally withdrawing from the case.
Fiscal year 2000 was a tremendous year of accomplishment and achievement for GAO a a year of great service to the Congress and of great benefit to the American taxpayer.
When no threshold is assumed, as is often the case in epidemiological studies, any exposure level is assumed to pose a non-zero risk of response to at least one segment of the population.
IT skills are in great demand which made hiring by the state difficult, so this CIO looked for alternatives to in-house software development and management.
We can aim more precisely and hit the target more often.
Mercury emissions contribute to mercury deposition in water.
The use of technology may reduce the time needed for providers and staff to personally provide screening and intervention services and target patients who can derive benefit from the brief intervention messages.
In addition, given GAO's impressive results and return on investment, it only makes sense for GAO to receive resource allocations that are well above average for other federal entities.
Finally, postal density appears to be a more important driver of unit street delivery costs than volume over the actual ranges in France and the U.S.
To be a Value Creating, Customer Focused Partner in Business Results
12HEI sponsored the multi-city the National Morbidity, Mortality, and Air Pollution Study (NMMAPS).
I would be pleased to respond to any questions that the Members of the Subcommittee may have.
In addition, make the limitations of the data clear, so that incorrect or unintentional conclusions will not be drawn from the data.
Finally, if the data you assessed are not sufficiently reliable, you should include this finding in the report and recommend that the audited entity take corrective action.
With planning assistance funds from LSC, the Bar Foundation has hired a consultant to help the Coordinating Council develop a reconfiguration plan to be submitted to LSC this March.
The resources we are requesting for fiscal year 2002 are critical to sustaining our high-level of performance and service to the Congress.
These solutions will need to address both the types of interventions that best fit each ED and medical center and the specific problems of the patient.
TABLE A.- TOTAL MERCURY ALLOWANCES ALLOCATED OR AUCTIONED FOR EGUS
Businesses use the device to create a wholly owned subsidiary, said Mr. Delaney, executive director of Lawyers' Alliance of New York.
Chavez's case mirrors the findings of the survey by Colorado Legal Services, which reports that migrant workers at farms statewide are regularly exposed to hazardous pesticides in violation of federal laws.
Social insurance does not include programs established solely or primarily for Federal employees, such as pension and other retirement plans.
Such a list provides the official administratively approving the voucher (usually the traveler's supervisor) and the certifying officer additional evidence for determining the reasonableness of the claims.
When that occurs, the lending fund sacrifices interest from Treasury securities on its invested balances and instead receives interest from the borrowing fund on the amount of the loan.
This time period is shown in Exhibit A-3 in Appendix A. However, depending upon the specifics of the project, the time needed could vary by a couple of months.
Figure 3 shows the basic results for the two models.
In this hybrid, the CEO assigns central control to a corporate CIO and supporting CIO organization, while delegating specific authority to each business unit for managing its own unique information management requirements.
But the Commission isn't free to make just any old recommendations so long as the numbers add up.
C-R functions may also be estimated with or without explicit thresholds.
The concept of the teachable moment, although only a conceptualization at this time, provides part of the seminal interest in doing alcohol interventions in the ED.
Postal Service more vulnerable than other postal administrations to cream skimming.
Our initial observations suggest that GPRA performance reports are likely to be more useful if they
In addition, few postal administrations pay their employees as large a wage premium as does the U.S.
Including emergency room visits in a benefits analysis that already considers hospital admissions, for example, will result in double counting of some benefits if the category hospital admissions includes emergency room visits.
A growing body of evidence demonstrates that interventions in the emergency department are effective and that treatment referral can work.
Protection of transportation, energy, emergency services, financial services, and communication systems is becoming increasingly important because they rely heavily on information technology.
11 However, in more difficult retrofits, down time might be impacted in a significant way.
According to the utility's central information security group, this process increases security awareness among business managers, develops support for needed controls, and helps integrate information security considerations into the organization's business operations.
We have already come a long way, and much is left to do.
The program's educational feedback encourages compliance and can act as a deterrent to future wrongdoing, as practitioners are aware that HIC tracks what is claimed for reimbursement on an annual basis.
The use of new technologies for individualizing brief intervention materials and feedback may help to fill gaps in the system of care for patients with at-risk and problem drinking patterns.
The time from placing the order to completion of commissioning activities is 46 weeks for both units.
Dr. Gentilello recommends the development of an ED alcohol research center.
They stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained appropriate--addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations--and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies.
The United States Bureau of the Census has grouped the 1990 Census of Population and Housing data using 5-Digit ZIP Codes.
Similarly, the CFO Act, GMRA, and GPRA have placed new demands on federal finance organizations.
One initiative involved establishing strategic direction, guidelines, and standards for instituting electronic commerce in the state government.
Significant differences were noted, however, as
Even if withdrawal were allowed, this may not protect the attorney from ethical obligations to vigorously represent the client, or from claims of malpractice.
SCR connection can occur in a three to five week outage period.
A ZIP Code may be served by many routes.
For affected EGUs for 2010 and each year thereafter, the Administrator shall allocate mercury allowances under section 474, and conduct auctions of mercury allowances under section 409, in the amounts in Table A.
We look forward to your continued support and working even more closely with you and your staff this year and in fiscal year 2002.
Requiring attorneys to monitor the movements of eligible aliens at all times of the year would impose monumental burdens on LSC grantees.
Accordingly, federal agencies need to reassess their human capital practices to ensure that federal financial professionals are equipped to meet these new challenges and support their agencies' mission and goals.
issues of alcohol use among injured patients are not in the purview of the trauma team
two 900 MWe, 8-corner, T-fired combustion engineering units that burn approx 1.5 percent sulfur bituminous coal.
Some of the concentration-response functions used in this benefits analysis were derived from such short-term studies.
As the state contracts out more of its information technology and management functions, it is also essential that it have good contract management expertise.
24 These features would also be appropriate for GMRA accountability reports.
This is a demand curve, conditional on the constraint that the discount remains the same, under which condition no mailers will shift to workshared.
The following figure illustrates traditional centralized and decentralized organizational structures, in comparison with the hybrid combination used by leading organizations today.
Following public comment, the Title V operating permit is not made final until compliance testing on the control device is completed.
In all cases, significant steps would have to be taken to avoid prejudicing the client's claims.
If the product included more new content or invention, fully integrated prototypes were frequently used to demonstrate that the design met requirements.
Employer entity contributions to social insurance programs.
change are staff downsizing, changes in contract methods, and business
Once these decisions are made, the CIO organization must provide effective, responsive support through efficient allocation of resources and the day-to-day execution of its responsibilities.
The Title V operating permit must also be made available for public comment.
Present your basis for assessing the reliability of the data as undetermined.
Retirement fund, consists of exchange revenue and other financing sources.
agency was first opened to serve Lancaster, York and Reading.
Aviation Progress Being Made, but Long-term Attention Is Needed.
The confusion created by a such a requirement would be significant.
A German SCR system supplier installed SCR on a significant portion of the German capacity within outage periods consisting of less than four weeks.
The employer and employee contributions are generally calculated in the same way
Administration, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, and the Health Resources and Services Administration.
20 Conversely, dissaving-spending more than current income-reduces the stock of wealth because amounts saved in the past must be drawn down, existing assets sold, or borrowing increased.
Accountable Federal government is adopting the principles of performancebased management in an effort to address these demands.
Looking to the future, about onethird of the responding agencies reported that they are considering further outsourcing of design review functions.
In contrast, the impact of volume is greater in the U.S. than in France because the U.S. has lower postal densities and a greater variation in volumes.
Texas considers the various forms of education to be costbeneficial in its Medicaid program.
Insofar as the social insurance program applies to Federal employees, the terms and conditions are generally the same as the program for private employees.
During the planning stages of an audit, auditors should communicate their responsibilities for testing and reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting.
It would be extremely difficult for a legal services attorney in California to know whether a client, who has been working in the migrant stream in Arizona, has temporarily crossed the border into Mexico.
and internal control in either of two 6
One agency intended to implement an employee travel claim procedure allowing travelers, with certain exceptions, to merely list an aggregate amount of all expenses that individually cost $75 or less.
Incremental purchasing may limit risks by identifying problems earlier, which allows for easier change or correction.
Besides LNL and Allenbrand-Drews, the suit names as defendants Gary Allenbrand and Loren Drews, principals of Allenbrand-Drews; and developers or contractors R.L.
It should be noted that the impact of postal density on cost is greater in France than in the
The time needed to complete this phase of an implementation project is about 17 months for SCR.
For clients who are illiterate in any language, materials would have to be carefully explained to them.
The cooperation between the program and the integrity divisions is the vehicle by which emerging issues are addressed.
In addition to the volume and delivery statistics for each of the 13,212 residential routes, CCS provides the associated 5-Digit ZIP Code served by each route.
Managing Change in the Postal and Delivery Industries, Ed.
We assume a direct linear relationship between volume per capita and pieces per possible
This welcome package is hand delivered during a site visit by one of Texas' 19 Medicaid field representatives.
When Babcock &amp; Wilcox retrofitted the 675 MWe AES Somerset boiler, the outage began on May 14, and the boiler was returned to service on June 26 - about a six-week outage.
First, we use volume per capita for each country to approximate pieces per possible stop.
Likewise, the statistics in Tables A2 and A3 show that routes with high carrier route volume reside in ZIP Codes with higher levels of household income and education attainment.
We need these additional resources to continue our efforts to further strengthen GAO and be a model organization for the rest of the federal government and accountability organizations around the world.
Additional time is usually needed to develop the action plan.
In most cases, the concentration-response relationship may be overestimated; in other cases, it may be underestimated.
TVA installed a construction bypass to send gas from the air preheater outlet directly to the FGD, while the ESP was being demolished and the SCR reactor erected in its place.
They include a stable federal budgetary future, technological innovation, and improvements in the operations and service provision of government agencies.
Alien farmworkers move frequently within the United States.
One size fits all does not work in brief interventions, just as it does not work in clinical practice in general.
Forty-four pilot projects submitted reports for the first round of performance reporting in 1995.
Therefore, the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 17 months, plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.
U.S. since France has a wider range of postal densities and lower volumes.
For further details, see //www.healtheffects.org/Pubs/NMMAPSletter.pdf.
when we do not have an adequate on-the-shelf set of designs and measures, an exploratory case study can save time and money in implementation as well as improving the confidence we have in our results.
As shown in Exhibit A-3 in Appendix A, this process can occur simultaneously with the processing of the construction permit application.
4.14 An additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS
In other words, when households' existing assets increase in value, people can save less from current income and still achieve their wealth-income target.
1Authority to prescribe fuel economy standards under section 32902 has been delegated by the Secretary to the Administrator of NHTSA.
27 Difficulty is increased as the extent of boiler modifications necessary to fit the SCR into the facility is increased.
Although CVR board members considered giving the money as a loan, not a grant, their vote on the funding request -- taken after Milne and Ralphs left the meeting -- was unanimous.
The group meets monthly to discuss the status of previously discussed and/or implemented initiatives and to propose and discuss current problems and potential initiatives.
61--Federal employees may be covered by social insurance programs such as Social Security62 and Medicare under the same terms and conditions as the rest of the covered population.
The data presented in this appendix are based on the demographic data for the 5-Digit ZIP Code for each route in a quartile.
The plan should also identify the acquisition method, key go/no-go points, a formal training plan, and a contingency plan to minimize losses.
It is widely known that saving from current income is the way to accumulate assets and repay past borrowing, thus increasing net worth.
Figure 6 displays the average unit costs generated with the cost function for the USPS.
targets may seem abstract to the average household, increased wealth clearly influences personal saving through traditional defined-benefit pension plans.
Prototype Engineering prototypes (virtual or Production representative prototypes Initial products physical)
It made sense for the state to outsource tactical functions such as help desks and mainframe management.
The reforms that have been adopted so far have profound implications for what government does, how it is organized, and how it performs its services to the country and its citizens.
Thus, the demographic data for the same 5-Digit ZIP Code could be averaged into the totals for two different quartiles.
Baltimore County firefighters do not have a formal program to provide a financial boost to firefighters and paramedics who are injured and unable to work.
Properly implemented, this approach provides reasonable assurance that a trip occurred.
28 In some cases longer outages are needed.
Although the C-R relationship may, in fact, vary from one location to another (for example, due to differences in population susceptibilities or differences in the composition of PM), locationspecific C-R functions are generally not available.
This project, called Partners for Justice is a cooperative venture among the five LSC programs, LATIS, the Appleseed Justice Center, the South Carolina Bar Pro Bono Program, and 46 human services agencies.
Finally, I would like to address the issue of funding.
Nonexchange transactions-- gains and losses
Air pollution levels below the threshold for each health effect studied are assumed not to cause the effect.
Retirement of debt securities prior to  trust funds and special funds (except trust revolving funds).
The company remains prepared to restructure to meet ever-changing business requirements.
Even if preliminary engineering and contract negotiation took as long as six to eight months, the total time for completing two 900 MWe units would be about 17 to 19 months.
First, the ED potentially provides an ideal teachable moment for patients who have problems with alcohol use.
A key tool used by each company to ensure that a product's design was stable by the end of the product integration phase was a demonstration that the design would meet requirements.
Three months after enrollment, the field representatives evaluate a sample of each new provider's claims to see if there are any issues that should be discussed.
On the other hand, there are responsibilities such as IT planning and oversight that must remain in-house.
While his idea of highlighting this area of research holds great merit, operationalization is problematic.
The crosshatched trapezoid is the welfare loss to these mailers as a market, given that they cannot shift.
Brendan Gill, the former executive director of the Bexar County group, said he has since come to see the merger as a positive move for South Texas.
Freedom from error in the data.
The 1989 National Mail Count was conducted for 24 delivery days from September 5 to October 2, 1989, and included 44,775 rural routes out of a total of 46,197.
The statistics in Table A1 show that, on average, routes in the more profitable quartiles reside in ZIP Codes with higher income households and more educated adults.
In this case, the rate difference is 9a, which is equal to the cost difference of 6a inflated by the 50% markup.
Several witnesses testified about terminating representation once the alien left the country.
Case files would have to be copied and provided to the client.
Faced with this choice, clients likely would preserve their right to leave the country.
If households' existing assets lose value, people have to save more to attain their wealth-income target.
About 2,100 general practitioners accessed their feedback reports on-line during 1999, and HIC implemented further enhancements to include feedback to other medical practitioners.
Would we not answer a phone call, not respond to a question, cancel a deposition, or not go to the library and research a case?
Also in Australia, Centrelink has determined that 65 percent of its preventable incorrect payments 13relate to incorrect declaration of income by the customer or beneficiary.
Assets accumulated can generate income in the form of interest and dividends that in turn may be saved.
We have made significant progress in addressing many of the areas in need of improvement in GAO and need to continue these efforts.
An example of disruptions that could occur is provided by recent denialofservice attacks on popular websites.
The least cited reason was to maintain inhouse core
Just as there is a spectrum of alcohol use problems, there may be a family of solutions.
or visit GAO's World Wide Web home page at
Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above, the estimated time period to complete the implementation of SCR on one combustion unit is about 21 months.
An interpretation that legal services recipients can represent aliens only during the times that they are physically present in the United States would present LSC providers with two options.
Notices to opposing counsel and the court or administrative agency would have to be sent.
The gain or loss should be accounted for as a nonexchange gain or loss
23Financial  Continued Momentum Essential to Achieve CFO Act Goals
receive a rating of pass if they meet the fully successful standard for an element.
Community legal education is a crucial service provided by LSC grantees.
For example, gains on existing assets reduce the amount of an employer's contribution necessary to fund its pension liability.
However, it may also be anticipated that using the ED visit as a teachable moment may be effective for non-injured persons who drink at risk excessively.
Clearly, the AICPA's value-enhancement and trade-oriented efforts have dominated its agenda in recent years.
In leading organizations, evolving business processes play a key role in determining how these information management responsibilities are structured and adapted to meet changing needs.
A group at the Association of the Bar of the City of New York, meanwhile, has been discussing student debt for six months.
In measuring effectiveness, perfection is unattainable.
The Islamist movement, born about 1940, is a product of the modern world, influenced by Marxist-Leninist concepts about revolutionary organization.
The housemate who rented the room to Hazmi and Mihdhar during 2000 is an apparently law-abiding citizen with long-standing, friendly contacts among local police and FBI personnel.
For their travel to Bosnia, see Intelligence report, interrogation of Saudi al Qaeda member, Oct. 3, 2001.
Jane asked the New York agent assigned to the Mihdhar search to sign a FISA acknowledgment form indicating the agent understood how he had to treat FISA information.
Nothing stands out about any of them with respect to the only security layer that was relevant to the actual  checkpoint screening.
Khallad has provided a second version, namely that all three traveled together to Karachi.
In addition to Moussaoui, the two al Qaeda operatives identified by KSM as candidates for the second wave of attacks were Abderraouf Jdey, a.k.a.
Other advisers have echoed this concern.
Intelligence report, interrogation of Binalshibh, Oct. 1, 2002.
Mihdhar received a new U.S. visa two days after the CIA-FBI meeting in New York.
In detention, KSM denies that al Qaeda had any agents in Southern California.
Despite two years of investigation, the FBI was unable to find the co-worker or determine his true identity.
In the case of American 11, the last normal communication from the plane was at 8:13 A.M.
Discovering it would have required quick and very substantial cooperation from the German government, which might well have been difficult to obtain.
These capabilities were insufficient, but little was done to expand or reform them.
The system also chose passengers at random to receive additional security scrutiny.
We have found no indication that the idea was briefed to the new administration or that Clarke passed his paper to them, although the same team of career officials spanned both administrations.
The analyst's email, however, reflects that she was confusing a broad array of caveats and legal barriers to information sharing and rules governing criminal agents' use of information gathered through intelligence channels.
Some officers were then assigned to assist in stairwell evacuations; others were assigned to expedite evacuation in the plaza, concourse, and PATH station.
Even in that situation, the restriction obliged running the information through the OIPR screen.
On September 9, dramatic news arrived from Afghanistan.
It is not clear the system can be installed before 2010, but even this timetable may be too slow, given the possible security dangers.
Intelligence report, interrogation of KSM, July 30, 2003.
Therefore, while protecting our homeland, Americans should be mindful of threats to vital personal and civil liberties.
The inability to communicate was a critical element at the World Trade Center, Pentagon, and Somerset County, Pennsylvania, crash sites, where multiple agencies and multiple jurisdictions responded.
Searches of readily available databases could have unearthed the driver's licenses, the car registration, and the telephone listing.
Claiming to have been suspicious of the entire transaction, the administrator distanced himself from Hazmi and Mihdhar, but not before they had received the assistance they needed.
Delivering it repeatedly did not make it more effective.
Commission analysis of FAA air traffic control data.
In 2003, these designations were eliminated; all international terrorism matters now receive the same designation, 315.
The next level down, the director of the al Qaeda unit in CIA at the time recalled that he did not think it was his job to direct what should or should not be done.
Ramzi Yousef and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed masterminded the 1995 Manila air plot, and KSM helped fund Yousef 's attempt to blow up the World Trade Center in 1993.
According to both KSM and Khallad, Abu Bara never applied for a U.S. visa.
Numerous PAPD officers were also climbing in the South Tower, including the PAPD ESU team.
This officer, who had observed the South Tower collapse, reported it to ESU units in the North Tower in his evacuation instruction.
Generators had to be shut down to ensure safety, and elevators stopped.
Pickard recalls the alleged statement being made at a briefing on July 12.
He had traveled to Pakistan but became agitated when asked if he had traveled to nearby countries while in Pakistan (Pakistan was the customary route to the training camps in Afghanistan).
If the situation escalates, a threat conference may be convened.
For a brief summary of these routines and the reasons why the intercepts were not properly digested, see Graham Allison and Philip Zelikow, Essence of Decision, 2d ed.
They make targets harder to attack successfully, and they deter attacks by making capture more likely.
An associate of a senior Hezbollah operative was on the same flight that took the future hijackers to Iran.
Both Secretary Powell and Secretary Rumsfeld appear to have already been briefed on these topics by the DCI as well.
For covert action, of course, the White House depended on the Counterterrorist Center and the CIA's Directorate of Operations.
In Riyadh, he told his brothers that he had been on jihad in Chechnya.
For the other units, see FDNY records, computer-aided dispatch report, alarm box 1377, Sept. 11,2001,09:42:45-09:47:05.
Others related only to carrying specific passengers.
Clarke mentioned to National Security Advisor Rice at least twice that al Qaeda sleeper cells were likely in the United States.
At the same time, Saudi Arabia's society was a place where al Qaeda raised money directly from individuals and through charities.
We're just trying to figure out what's going on.
The Southeast Air Defense Sector was notified of the event at 9:55, 28 minutes later.
The FBI must maintain rigorous security and proficiency standards with respect to its permanent and contract employees.
FBI investigators have speculated that al Qaeda may have directed other extremist Muslims in the Phoenix area to enroll in aviation training.
Mzoudi claims he went home to Morocco to get married but could not because he was injured in a car accident there.
Third, the Hellfire warhead carried by the Predator needed work.
PDBs were not routinely briefed to congressional leaders, though this item could have been in some other intelligence briefing.
We look forward to a national debate on the merits of what we have recommended, and we will participate vigorously in that debate.
There is a dispute regarding Ashcroft's interest in Pickard's briefings about the terrorist threat situation.
These workers were not trapped, yet unlike most occupants on the upper floors, they had chosen not to descend immediately after impact.
After Mihdhar left, other students moved into the house.
On returning to the United States, Hage was met at the airport by FBI agents, interrogated, and called the next day before the federal grand jury then investigating Bin Ladin.
Shakur has been identified by Spanish authorities as Farid Hilali.
For the two companies and their actions, see FDNY interview 22, Battalion 28 (Jan.
According to Binalshibh, had Bin Ladin and KSM learned prior to 9/11 that Moussaoui had been detained, they might have canceled the operation.
23, 2004 (nearly two-thirds of the known leaders of al Qaeda had been killed or captured).
Worldwide asset freezes have not been adequately enforced and have been easily circumvented, often within weeks, by simple methods.
The profile was derived from information on the Passenger Name Record and did not include factors such as race, creed, color, or national origin.
After 9/11, Motassadeq admitted to German authorities that Shehhi had asked him to handle matters in a way that would conceal Shehhi's absence.
For the fire alarm, see PANYNJ interview 10 (June 16, 2004); PANYNJ interview 7 (June 2, 2004).
After the airspace reopened, nine chartered flights with 160 people, mostly Saudi nationals, departed from the United States between September 14 and 24.
Ajaj had entered the United States on a B-2 tourist visa at New York City on September 9, 1991.
Civilians who called the Port Authority police desk located at 5 WTC were advised to leave if they could.
We ask every nation to join us.
They were positioned around the mezzanine lobby level of the North Tower, directing civilians leaving stairwells A and C to evacuate down an escalator to the concourse.
FBI report, Flight #93 'No Show' Passengers from 9/11/01, Sept. 18, 2001.
Rice and others recalled the President saying, I'm tired of swatting at flies.
For the delayed dispatch, see FDNY records, computer-aided dispatch report, alarm box 8087, Sept. 11, 2001, 09:03:00-09:10:02.
Mihdhar complained about life in the United States.
Intelligence report, 1996 Atef study on airplane hijacking operations, Sept. 26, 2001.
It also meant that there was a link between Khallad and Mihdhar, making Mihdhar seem even more suspicious.
For Ballinger's warnings, see Ed Ballinger interview (Apr. 14, 2004).
In deputies meetings at the end of June, Tenet was tasked to assess the prospects forTaliban cooperation with the United States on al Qaeda.
In some ways joint work has gotten better, and in some ways worse.
Our borders and immigration system, including law enforcement, ought to send a message of welcome, tolerance, and justice to members of immigrant communities in the United States and in their countries of origin.
The third party informed the police desk that the employees had previously received contrary advice from the FDNY, which could only have come via 911.
The call to the UAE was originally reported by the CIA on May 16.
The terminal was evacuated, and police found miscellaneous gun parts, pistol ammunition, and military paraphernalia in the man's checked bags.
This statement was issued the day after the financial markets reopened.
Between 6:45 and 7:40, Atta and Omari, along with Satam al Suqami, Wail al Shehri, and Waleed al Shehri, checked in and boarded American Airlines Flight 11, bound for Los Angeles.
Bandar al Hazmi continued his training at Arizona Aviation with intermittent trips home to Saudi Arabia, before departing the United States for the last time in January 2000.
For the necessity of moving from need-to-know to need-to-share, see James Steinberg testimony, Oct. 14, 2003.
The people of the United States hoped to enjoy a peace dividend, as U.S. spending on national security was cut following the end of the Soviet military threat.
While the test results for physical search exceeded the national average, both the metal detector and X-ray results were below average.
On-duty ladder companies consisted of a captain or lieutenant and five firefighters
The series also included Operation Infinite Resolve, a variety of proposed follow-on strikes on al Qaeda targets in Afghanistan.
In 1998, Clarke chaired an exercise designed to highlight the inadequacy of the solution.
3 billion annual investment in the TSA goes to aviation-to fight the last war.
The General Accounting Office looked into the gun story and was unable to corroborate it.
Agencies need to be able to measure success.
Upon hearing that the camp was to be closed, he and others traveled to al Faruq camp near Kandahar, where they received more training.
Numerous officers responded in order to help injured civilians and to urge those who could walk to vacate the area immediately.
In the interests of promoting candor and protecting privacy, we agreed not to identify most individuals we interviewed.
Imagination is not a gift usually associated with bureaucracies.
Al Qaeda and terrorism was just one more priority added to already-crowded agendas with countries like Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.
The FBI legal attach's office in Paris first contacted the French government on August 16 or 17, shortly after speaking to the Minneapolis case agent on the telephone.
Attorney's Office or the judge refused, the FISA Court might reject an application for a FISA warrant on the grounds that the agents were attempting to make an end run around the criminal process.
Local newspapers and the few influential satellite broadcasters-like al Jazeera-often reinforce the jihadist theme that portrays the United States as anti-Muslim.
Our border screening system should check people efficiently and welcome friends.
As a result, neither the U.S. nor the Saudi people appreciated all the dimensions of the bilateral relationship, including the Saudi role in U.S. strategies to promote the Middle East peace process.
Jane,Dave, and an FBI analyst who was on detail to the CIA's Bin Ladin unit went to New York on June 11 to meet with the agents about the Cole case.
In early May 1996, the CIA received intelligence that Bin Ladin might be leaving Sudan.
Deputy Director of Central Intelligence John McLaughlin testified that he was told about Moussaoui several days before Tenet was briefed, although he did not recall the specific date of the briefing.
For a record of the exchange between John and Dave, see CIA emails, Dave to John, May 17, 18, 24, 2001; CIA email, Richard to Alan, identification of Khallad, July 13, 2001.
The ultimate recipient in Pakistan would then go to the Pakistani hawaladar and receive his money, in rupees, from whatever money the Pakistani hawaladar has on hand.
It was clear that the lead response agency was the FDNY, and that the other responding local, federal, bistate, and state agencies acted in a supporting role.
Upon impact, many were killed or severely injured; others were relatively unharmed.
There is no indication that Atta or Shehhi received any additional flight training in June.
Several floors of fire would have been beyond the fire-extinguishing capability of the forces that we had on hand.
The CTC analyst who drafted the briefing drew on reports over the previous four years.
On August 4, President Bush wrote President Musharraf to request his support in dealing with terrorism and to urge Pakistan to engage actively against al Qaeda.
By taking advantage of them all, we need not depend on any one point in the system to do the whole job.
On KSM's assistance to al Qaeda, see Intelligence reports, interrogations of KSM, July 12, 2003 (two reports).
The Washington Center's controllers were looking for the flight, but they were not told to look for primary radar returns.
Mihdhar gave his intended address as the Marriott Hotel, New York City, but instead spent one night at another New York hotel.
Because these names were watchlisted with the Thai authorities, we cannot yet explain the delay in reporting the news.
Other evidence corroborates her account.
The principal figures on Bush's White House staff would be National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice, who had been a member of the NSC staff in the administration of George H.W.
Floor-to-ceiling windows in the northwest corner of the West Street level of the lobby had been blown out
He believed that there was sufficient probable cause for a criminal warrant at that time.
He was found to have confederates on both sides of the border.
Hezbollah officials in Beirut and Iran were expecting the arrival of a group during the same time period.
It did not suggest that there was a domestic threat.
False identities are used by terrorists to avoid being detected on a watchlist.
Whether the lack of coordination between the FDNY and NYPD on September 11 had a catastrophic effect has been the subject of controversy.
With respect to KSM's additional proposal to bomb cargo planes by shipping jackets containing nitrocellulose, KSM states that Bin Ladin expressed interest in changing the operation so that it would involve a suicide operative.
But his time was consumed with getting new officials in place and working on the foundation documents of a new defense policy, the quadrennial defense review, the defense planning guidance, and the existing contingency plans.
While he continued to monitor the citywide SOD channel, which NYPD helicopters were using, he also monitored the point-to-point tactical channel that the ESU teams climbing in the towers would use.
Some Port Authority civilian employees remained on various upper floors to help civilians who were trapped and to assist in the evacuation.
For aids to the September 11 evacuation, see, e.g., Civilian interview 14 (Apr.
After first declining Hazmi's request for a loan, the administrator agreed to permit him to use the administrator's bank account to receive the $5,000 wire transfer.
We have not interviewed every knowledgeable person or found every relevant piece of paper.
Congressional oversight for intelligence-and counterterrorism-is now dysfunctional.
The United States was not a primary source of al Qaeda funding, although some funds raised in the United States may have made their way to al Qaeda or its affiliated groups.
Current security requirements nurture overclassification and excessive compartmentation of information among agencies.
Beyond Las Vegas's reputation for welcoming tourists, we have seen no credible evidence explaining why, on this occasion and others, the operatives flew to or met in Las Vegas.
KSM, who had been indicted in January 1996 for his role in the Manila air plot, was seen primarily as another freelance terrorist, associated with Ramzi Yousef.
For pilot's belief and the helicopter not hovering, see NYPD interview 12, Aviation (Mar.
Boston  A second one just hit the Trade Center.
If defense intelligence is reorganized to elevate the responsibilities of the director of the DIA, then that person might be the appropriate official.
There were numerous technical problems, especially with the Hellfire missiles.
Certainly, the FDNY was not responsible for the management of the City's response to the emergency, as the Mayor's directive would have required.
Mayor Giuliani, along with the Police and Fire commissioners and the OEM director, moved quickly north and established an emergency operations command post at the Police Academy.
Finally, one firefighter-who had earlier seen from a window that the SouthTower had collapsed-urged that they all leave, as this tower could fall as well.
Secure identification should begin in the United States.
Hard Put to Find Proof Bin Laden Directed Attacks.
The terrorism fostered by Bin Ladin and al Qaeda was different from anything the government had faced before.
As all hope in moving the Taliban faded, debate revived about giving covert assistance to the regime's opponents.
Dubai, a modern city with easy access to a major airport, travel agencies, hotels, and Western commercial establishments, was an ideal transit point.
We have uncovered no evidence that KSM was present at the guesthouse in Islamabad where Yousef 's arrest took place, as has been suggested in the press.
The man was shot by police and then killed himself on the aircraft while it was still on the ground at the airport.
Although we readily equate KSM with al Qaeda today, this was not the case before 9/11.
At about 10:15, the FDNY Chief of Department and the Chief of Safety, who had returned to West Street from the parking garage, confirmed that the South Tower had collapsed.
The principals also focused on Pakistan and what it could do to turn the Taliban against al Qaeda.
The dedicated professional staff, headed by Philip Zelikow, has contributed innumerable hours to the completion of this report, setting aside other important endeavors to take on this all-consuming assignment.
He also ordered Secretary Rumsfeld to develop a military plan against the Taliban.
Intelligence report, interrogation of detainee, Dec. 2, 2001.
Finally, he directed Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill to craft a plan to target al Qaeda's funding and seize its assets.
As discussed earlier, the reason Jane decided she could not share information was because the initial information on Mihdhar had been analyzed by the NSA.
Summary of Judgment and Sentencing Order by Hanseatic Regional High Court, Motassadeq trial, Feb. 19,2003, pp.10-11.
The FBI agent obtained from a foreign government a photo of the person believed to have directed the Cole bombing.
Haznawi (Flight 93) and Wail al Shehri (Flight 11) arrived in Miami from London on June 8, 2001 using the same route as the previous three.
Some of the most controversial provisions of the Patriot Act are to sunset at the end of 2005.
In the struggle against terrorism these distinctions seem increasingly artificial.
The source claimed that Bin Ladin asked for and received assistance from the bomb-making expert, who remained there giving training until September 1996, which is when the information was passed to the United States.
The United States defended, and still defends, Muslims against tyrants and criminals in Somalia, Bosnia, Kosovo, Afghanistan, and Iraq.
The detainee dates the Slahi meeting to October 1999.
For Atta's travel to the Czech Republic, see ibid.
In May or June, Clarke asked to be moved from his counterterrorism portfolio to a new set of responsibilities for cybersecurity.
Two days later, Ahmed al Ghamdi and Abdul Aziz al Omari, who had been living in New Jersey with Hazmi and Hanjour, flew to Miami-probably signifying that the four hijacking teams had finally been assigned.
They discussed targets in coded language, pretending to be students discussing various fields of  architecture referred to the World Trade Center, arts the Pentagon,law the Capitol, and politics the White House.
His relationship with her remained close throughout his time in the United States.
In chapter 5 we described the Southeast Asia travels of Nawaf al Hazmi, Khalid al Mihdhar, and others in January 2000 on the first part of the planes operation.
Hazmi's housemate remembers him taking an unexplained trip to the San Diego airport around this time.
For the Gates report's recommendations, see DCI task force report, Improving Intelligence Warning,May 29, 1992.
We will recap it briefly here.
Once the plane struck, they were prevented from descending because of damage to or impassable conditions in the building's three stairwells.
For the rescue efforts, see FDNY report,Report from the Chief of Department, Anthony L. Fusco, in Manning, ed.
As a result, his salary was raised and his other allowances stipend increased significantly, from approximately $465 to $3,925 a month, remaining at that level until December 2000.
After repeatedly demanding that Sudan stop supporting terrorist groups, in 1993 the U.S. government designated the country a state sponsor of terrorism.
Their requirements are far more modest in size and complexity.
I do not believe the possible recon value outweighs the risk of possible program termination when the stakes are raised by the Taliban parading a charred Predator in front of CNN, he wrote.
President Bush later praised this proposal, saying it had been a turning point in his thinking.
NYPD recording, Special Operations Division radio channel, Sept. 11, 2001.
His key personnel shared very little information with the National Security Council and the rest of the national security community.
For ascertaining building systems' status from building personnel, see FDNY interview 4, Chief (Jan.
For the subsequent identification, see CIA cable, follow-up source on KSM, July 11, 2001.
The Move to San Diego By February 4, Hazmi and Mihdhar had come to San Diego from Los Angeles, possibly driven by Mohdar Abdullah.
One impediment was that the respective DOJ components could not agree on all the proposed reforms.
FBI report of investigation, interview of Jennifer Stangel, Sept. 14, 2001.
When the attack was determined to be al Qaeda-related, responsibility shifted to the New York Field Office.
Before 9/11, no agency of the U.S. government systematically analyzed terrorists' travel strategies.
See Intelligence reports, interrogations of KSM, July 1, 2003; Sept. 5, 2003.
More than 500 million people annually cross U.S. borders at legal entry points, about 330 million of them noncitizens.
It was never the subject of formal interagency deliberation.
3. The call was placed from a pay phone in Terminal C (between the screening checkpoint and United 175's boarding gate).
The explosion killed six people, injured about 1,000 more, and exposed vulnerabilities in the World Trade Center's and the city's emergency preparedness.
Americans should also consider how to do it-organizing their government in a different way.
These locations are all near Atlanta.
For the hotel arrangements, see Intelligence report, interrogation of Khallad, Jan.
The CIA later provided more formal assessments to the White House reiterating that conclusion.
43 Tommy Franks, the commanding general of Central Command (CENTCOM), told us that the President was dissatisfied.
For units staged at the Brooklyn-Battery tunnel, see ibid.
This speculation is based, at least in part, on Thumairy's reported leadership of an extremist faction at the mosque.
The Director still has no strategy for removing information-sharing barriers and-more than two years since 9/11-has only appointed a working group on the subject.
The conversation also contained a reference to the burning of people.
A jet fuel fireball erupted upon impact and shot down at least one bank of elevators.
The operators were not given any information about the inability to conduct rooftop rescues and therefore could not advise callers that they had essentially been ruled out.
At 10:45 conferees were told to hold off  on Defcon 3, but a minute later the order was reinstated.
They concluded that none of the passengers was connected to the 9/11 attacks and have since found no evidence to change that conclusion.
Four of the 9/11 attackers were pulled into secondary border inspection, but then admitted.
The budget guidance issued the next day, however, highlighted gun crimes, narcotics trafficking, and civil rights as priorities.
The threat that was coming was not from sleeper cells.
Rababah, who had lived in Connecticut, New York, and New Jersey, told investigators that he had recommended Paterson, New Jersey, as a place with an Arabic-speaking community where Hazmi and Hanjour might want to settle.
We have been told that Pickard and Ashcroft did not have a good relationship.
That same day, the supervisor forwarded the lead to an intelligence agent to open an intelligence case-an agent who thus was behind the wall keeping FBI intelligence information from being shared with criminal prosecutors.
For the chief 's and companies' arrival, see Jules Naudet and Gedeon Naudet, video footage, Sept. 11, 2001; FDNY interview 4, Chief (Jan.
Many PAPD officers were on the ground floors of the complex-some assisting in evacuation, others manning the PAPD desk in 5 WTC or assisting at lobby command posts.
He said that if his advisers had told him there was a cell in the United States, they would have moved to take care of it.
Some FBI investigators doubt Rababah's story.
For example, the Mayor and Police Commissioner consulted with the Chief of the Department of the FDNY at approximately 9:20.
This effort was going on before 9/11 and it continues on a vastly enlarged scale.
All but 2 of the 15 muscle hijackers were admitted as tourists, affording a six-month stay in the United States (except in the case of Mihdhar, who received four months).
On obtaining clean passports and the two damaged passports, see Intelligence reports, interrogations of KSM, July 3, 2003; Sept. 9, 2003.
He joined the rest of his team at their hotel.
He has also stated that Atta included a nuclear plant in his preliminary target list, but that Bin Ladin decided to drop that idea.
We recognize that a costly change in NORAD's defense posture to deal with the danger of suicide hijackers, before such a threat had ever actually been realized, would have been a tough sell.
KSM may have instructed Binalshibh to send money to Moussaoui in order to help prepare Moussaoui as a potential substitute pilot for Jarrah.
Thumairy denies incurring any such disciplinary measures.
Aside from scrutinizing various official records, the Czech government also reviewed surveillance photos taken outside the Iraqi embassy.
One Treasury official described CIA's posture as benign neglect toward the Foreign Terrorist Asset Tracking Center (FTATC), and characterized the CIA as believing that financial tracking had limited utility.
Yousef managed to escape to Pakistan, but his accomplice, Murad-whom KSM claims to have sent to Yousef with $3,000 to help fund the operation-was arrested and disclosed details of the plot while under interrogation.
If the United States does not act aggressively to define itself in the Islamic world, the extremists will gladly do the job for us.
The U.S. government readily provides copious information about spending on its military forces, including military intelligence.
The tragedy of the embassy bombings provided an opportunity for a full examination, across the government, of the national security threat that Bin Ladin posed.
The head of the NCTC should have the rank of a deputy national intelligence director, e.g., Executive Level II, but would have a different title.
The first NYPD ESU team entered the West Street-level lobby of the North Tower and prepared to begin climbing at about 9:15 A.M.
For the Academy's instructor's reaction, see FBI report of investigation, interview of James Milton, Apr.
Binalshibh believes the disagreement arose in part from Jarrah's family visits.
Successful economies rely on vibrant private sectors, which have an interest in curbing indiscriminate government power.
Indianapolis is truly one of the best places for actors to work for many
We provide help by phone 24 hours a day, 7 days a week through the Prevention Information Resource Center &amp; Parent Help line.
For these boxes will remain in their wrappings long after all of the other presents are opened.
Your gift is important to the celebration of our 85th season.
If we keep our prices low, we need to come to you, our audience members, to ask for a small contribution in order to help us meet this mission.
It takes a partnership of private support and University funding for our law school to continue to grow in stature and influence.
Most important is the fact that attending a performance at the IRT is not just a field trip.
00 helped make it possible for us to provide guidance, encouragement and fun to nearly 400 Indianapolis area children.
Only with the help of our philanthropic partners have we been able to achieve so much.
Initially, individuals can take part by making an annual unrestricted gift of $1,000 or more for Chancellor's Circle, or of $500 or more for Chancellors Associates.
Our pediatric physicians are studying birth defects, childhood cancers, blood disorders, and bone marrow Transplant techniques, and our medical and molecular genetics research continues to unravel genetic mysteries.
Your gift at this time may provide you with additional year-end tax benefits.
Thank you for supporting the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1999.
As you know, the membership of this group includes those friends and alumni who contribute $1,000 or more annually to the law school.
As a child growing up in the 5O's, one of my happiest memories was attending Civic Theatre productions.
My hope is you were greatly blessed and encouraged by this issue.
It's important that we hear from you during this last fundraising drive of the season.
P. S. Your gift is important to our celebration of 85 years making the Indianapolis Civic Theatre the oldest continuously operating community theatre in the country.
Those participating will be provided prospects' names, addresses and telephone numbers, as well as background information on the school's needs.
If each person receiving this letter gives just $18.
Simply detach the bottom portion, check the option that applies, make any changes to your address if needed and send it in the enclosed envelope.
We still have more than $200,000 left to raise from subscribers and donors such as yourself.
(dba), a charitable, all-volunteer, nonprofit membership organization, provides free self-employment and business information and assistance to enterprising individuals with disabilities, and for professionals in vocational rehabilitation, career and business counseling.
School of Nursing needs your generous gifts to continue and uphold its educational excellence.
80% of participants will report increased conflict resolution skills.
Please do not slide on to our lapsed donor list.
Access to our grounds will be opened to anyone with a computer and a modem.
We invite you to participate in Futures for Children by sponsoring an American Indian child or by joining a Membership Circle to support our community education projects.
I am therefore delighted to extend this invitation today giving you the opportunity to join us as a Charter Associate of the Center on Philanthropy.
Ticket sales and subscriptions cannot finance our complete season
The law school's needs range from purchasing additional computer terminals to paying travel costs of our moot court teams and from refurbishing the Gray Lounge to purchasing necessary reference materials for the library.
NEW ARRIVALS EVERY GIFT MAKES A DIFFERENCE!
Our Zoo was designed using the concept of biomes, which simulate the natural habitats in which animals live.
We have a long way to go before we reach our goal of $365,000 from friends and subscribers such as yourself.
Your support of Goodwill will provide job training and placement services to help the hardest to serve in central Indiana find meaningful employment.
From a modest beginning to its rank today as one of the best academic medical centers in the nation, Indiana's only medical school boasts a proud heritage.
Our Civil Practice Clinic has operated for several years, and we recently added a Criminal Defense Clinic.
Ticket income doesn't begin to cover the cost of these programs.
However, dramatic increases in the costs of law books, journals, and database services mean that simply maintaining our present collections exceeds our budget.
The most important benefit of membership in the National Audubon Society gives you nothing immediately tangible in return.
Name organization (if applicable) Address City, State Zip
Linda Hardwick Director of Development &amp
-conceive, design and hand-sew the many beautiful costumes, such as Mary Todd's period dresses in Abe Lincoln in Illinois and the ball gowns in A Christmas Carol.
We will try to contact each of you who have not participated this fiscal year in the next 45 days so that our goal can be reached by the deadline of June 30th.
My love affair with the IRT is a long one.
Being an institution that promotes education and learning through the connection of people and the natural world around them, the Society is actively preparing for continued success in the future.
As an Inner Circle member you will receive select seating during the Convention, and special invitations to dinners, receptions and activities throughout the week.
If you have pledged or contributed for 1991, you have my thanks and the appreciation of the administration and faculty of the law school.
As a member of the law school's __, I know you are aware of our progress.
I ask you to join me in renewing your pledge of support to the University Libraries at IUPUI, and to consider increasing that contribution.
Costume by Brigitte Doth, Jade Stice, and Penny Laimana.
You can see by reading the code, my friend that there are still many federal and state tax advantages for making charitable contributions.
But there is also intense competition among law schools to attract the best and brightest students.
The degreed educators of the Social Health Association provide in-school presentations in three
The cost of creating these homes far exceeds what our buyers cm pay, so we rely on grants and individual donations to keep them affordable.
Last year, 17% of the Museum's operating budget came from loyal donors' contributions.
.By reaching students whom are not otherwise being reached through school and other community institutions.
It means everything to Becky, Stephanie, Marcus and Emily, and students like them.
Your investment continues the high quality of all aspects of the Museum and makes new achievements possible.
In appreciation for your contribution $100 or more to the campaign, you and a guest are invited to attend a special reception on Thursday, March 23,2000 from 5:30- 8:00 PM in Herron Hall.
we will make the goal.
I hope you will remain a contributor and even consider honoring our 25 years of storytelling by increasing your gift $25 this year.
And, I hope that you will support the artistic and educational efforts of Civic Theatre again this year.
The one thing I am most proud of is that the IRT is a leader across the country in providing theatre experiences for students.
The boxes will be marked with the names of Cassie, Corey, Rachel, Isaiah, Kelly, Kyle, and the other students of Columbine High School who lost their lives earlier this year.
For the IUPUI University Libraries to have collections, access, and services which meet your expectations requires friends and partners both inside the University and throughout the community, state and nation.
We have so many more accomplishments to strive for, I cannot imagine a better corporate partner to help bring them about.
Whether its a literature topic, a humanities issue, or an important person in history -- every play has a direct tie-in to classroom curriculum.
Gerald L. Bepko 1995 United Way of Central Indiana Campaign Chair
He was for the students an advisor, mentor, chaplain, uncle, and true friend.
To better help us assist you, write, fax or E-mail and tell us more about yourself.
Your support helps the Society maintain quality care of animal and plant collections and to conduct important research on rare species including those in the Species Survival Plan.
, smaller classes, use of technology), and from a longstanding shortage of student support space (lockers, food service, offices for student organizations).
The Clinton Birthplace Foundation is a non-political 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization dependent on your contributions.
I believe just the opposite.
Your help today will enable us to strengthen further America's philanthropic heritage by expanding the Center's crucial educational, leadership and outreach programs.
Provide a professional atmosphere for many talented community actors to hone and perfect their skills.
The Clinton Birthplace Foundation offers full membership privileges to those who pay only $10.
Last Sunday, June 18th, the rain came and severely curtailed attendance at this year's Keepers of the Lore/Joseph Campbell Festival of Myth, Folklore and Story.
What began as a touring group of actors in 1973 that played to students in cities like Gary , Elkhart and Terre Haute, the IRT education program today now
As we celebrate the 90th birthday of Indiana University School of Medicine, we realize how much we owe to dreamers and their dreams.
As an Inner Circle member you can expect some of the finest seats on the reviewing stand for the world's greatest celebration of democracy --the 52nd American Presidential Inauguration.
I appreciate your consideration and hope that you will participate in this year's Annual Campaign.
Wanda is as aware as any mother can be about the new possibilities you create, which she calls a wonderful thing to know.
The children attending our shows prepare in advance for their theatrical experience through their class's curriculum
This is a wonderful time of year for storytelling.
We need resources to recruit and develop outstanding teachers.
The law school's 5,539 alumni form a distinguished group.
Laurel wreaths, symbolizing victory, and olive branches symbolizing peace, also adorn the rug's border along with acanthus leaves.
I've got more than a job
In November, we sent letters sharing with you a story about the Boys &amp; Girls Club, a wonderful, positive place for children and youth in our community.
His sense of good fortune helped him to be the most beloved dean ever to serve at our law school.
Enclosed is a reply card and envelope with the hope that you will consider beginning 1994 with a gift to IU.
Your contributions to the Annual Fund at the Maennerchor Society level have provided significant assistance to the school.
Upcoming events you'll not want to miss
We rely on you and other generous friends to provide the remaining 38 percent.
You may also take advantage of our special 2-year membership offer for $30, a savings of almost 60% off our regular 2 year rate.
Your support of the museum's Annual Operating Campaign helps to attract significant works to the collection and present community-wide special exhibitions.
With your involvement, we can help kids - like the little boy pictured on this page-become better citizens.
The thirteen yarn colors of the magnificent rug symbolize the original thirteen colonies of this nation.
This group of donors will directly help the Chancellor meet immediate needs of faculty, students, and staff.
Specifically, you will be joining a group of distinguished foundation executives, business leaders, scholars, development professionals and volunteers in the nonprofit sector ...
Others continue to notice our success.
.. spiritual guidance and encouragement.
If we begin our new fiscal year with a deficit, this will be a real challenge.
Although Rock 'n' Roll was racing down the fast lane like a candy apple VETTE, FOREVER PLAID believed in their music.
You already understand the importance of storytelling, poetry, song, and theatre in fostering empathy, compassion, and the imagination.
In the case of animals that are not recovered by-their owners, your Humane Society uses a wide variety of - services to aid those animals and give them a chance at a happy life.
Will you add your dreams to ours?
00 Under 6 yr - Free Tour and Military Rate $3.
In their enlightened self-interest, they supported this fledgling organization, knowing it would benefit the city as a whole.
We hope you will enjoy talking to them, but you can save the IRT administrative money by sending your gift in the return envelope today.
Forty years ago one student, Betty Groh Tower, entered the Medical Record Administration Program to become our first graduate.
The wonderful connections formed each day are made possible through the support of Society operations by organizations like yours!
With your contribution to the Library, you will become a member of the Citywide Friends.
I will look for you on December 11th!
William Lowe Bryan, the IU president whose dream of a broadly based university led to the founding of IU School of Medicine in 1903.
Your contributed support directly benefits the IRT's outreach programs and leverages match gift monies.
Chairman of the Board of Trustees
It is time for the proverbial LAST CALL!
Friends' programs such as Young Library Leaders and the Love is Reading Together Week target young people and instill library habits at an early age.
Last year, you generously donated $-.
.. why they have so little self-worth that they value the friendship of thieves and killers.
The deep blue rug is emblazoned with a full-color Presidential Seal encircled by fifty white stars.
I am writing to thank you for your past gifts to the IUPUI University Libraries and to ask you to renew that support.
It is critical that we educate Americans about the importance of Philanthropy that we develop a new generation of informed and committed leaders.
To assist you with your contribution, please feel free to call Kathy Dannels, Director of Development, at 924-6770 ext.
It would be wonderful if you could take the time to visit your School, and see for yourself the progress we have made over the years and share in the pride of our heritage!
Performing before more than 6,500 students from K-12, for state professional conferences, for a Pan-Am Media Event and for the U.S.
Due to the generosity of Indiana tax law, a contribution to the University of any amount up to $200 will only cost you half that amount--less the deduction you claim on your federal tax return.
This letter is to let you know that, while we've experienced some success this season, we still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management and vibrant theatrical productions.
Last year, more than 48,000 New York State children were abused and neglected -injured, molested, emotionally abused, denied adequate care and supervision.
And we've been doing it for more than 85 years.
One of the devastating consequences of heart disease is the irreparable damage it does to the heart muscle.
I ask you to please give today to the IRT and help them continue the marvelous work they have been producing for 26 years.
I hope you will help us continue the Olympic tradition of excellence.
Since 1914, Civic has maintained its uniqueness by staying true to its
..one you would be proud to be part of and support?
You are important to us and the I.U.
..the world's most thoughtful and motivating nature writers.
Funds are needed here for use as seed money as we work toward establishing projects that should become self-supporting for the school.
When Urban left for Vietnam, we'd only been married a short time, JoAnn said.
The landmark acquisition in December of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the IMA's permanent collection of world art.
Unfortunately, our view of the importance of philanthropy is not shared by all Americans.
I hope to hear from you soon.
As a Nussbaum member you have helped us save endangered animals--and their homes.
Civic's revenue comes from full houses, workshop and program tuitions, facility rental, foundations, corporate sponsors and individual contributions from supporters like you.
Each July we celebrate our state's heritage at the Society's Hoosier History Festival.
Student tuition has been raised 12% for 1992-92, a significant increase.
00 invested in a job-training program for a person on welfare saves $3.
We recoup 58% of that money on ticket sales, leaving 32% to be garnered from donations and gifts from friends such as yourself.
Our teaching hospitals and research programs receive no state support.
In you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to call our Membership Services Coordinator, Chris Young, at (800) 877-6773.
Last year, only 20% of our alumni contributed to the school, up from 14% in 1990.
This stunnngly beautiful 3.3 -acre landmark botanical attraction combines the best of gardening ideas, plant information and inspiring landscape design.
As a member of the Citywide Friends of the Free Library you will receive a quarterly newsletter informing you of library events and legislative issues.
Enclosed once again is a membership application form and a business reply envelope.
If The Salvation Army's Red Shield could talk, it might tell you how we recently helped a man with diabetes get the insulin he needed.
That is also true of famous Hoosiers such as James Whitcomb Riley, Eugene V. Debs and Madam C.J.
Here's the results so far: 5,615 targeted to our non-donor alumni, 81 1.4 percent, largest donation was, and the $2,840 smallest was $5.
This investment has resulted in the renovation and sale of 60 homes to homebuyers of modest means, and in the rehab of more than 100 affordable, high quality apartments.
And that's the wonderful tool of the IRT Education Programs--it lets children witness stories that teach them tools for everyday living and surviving.
On behalf of President Bush, I look forward to working with you in the future.
For several years he performed packaging and clerical work.
I made my Indianapolis debut as a stage director a month ago with Inherit the Wind, a classic of the American stage, attended by more than 5,500 junior high and high school students.
I must therefore tell you why the Center on Philanthropy also deserves your support.
Approximately 25% of the current Cathedral student body receives some amount of financial assistance.
And more than 30% of the kids we serve cannot afford the camp fee.
This letter is to let you know that we still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management, vibrant theatrical productions and outstanding educational programs.
And yet within change there will be continuity.
Without your help we will lose some of this grant money.
The research published in Science gives evidence of progress by documenting the first successful transplantation of functional heart cells into an animal model.
There's our art programs for junior and senior high school students which are so critical now with less and less allocated in school budgets for the arts.
Unlike other not-for-profit theatres in the city, our actors make their living from their craft.
Indeed, your history of support of the Lowell Nussbaum Society pays much more than your rent.
This situation could also impact our ability to mount another festival next year.
As a bonus, we are now able to offer donors of $100 or more a State of Indiana Neighborhood Assistance Program (NAP) 50% tax credit.
I would like to see that continue.
FOREVER PLAID - a name that connotes the continuation of traditional values, of family, home and harmony.
As the local host organization for the National Council of International Visitors, the South Africa Internship Program and Chinese Medical Internships, in 1999 the Center welcomed over 100 guests to central Indiana.
Looking for a little balance?
If you would like additional information about the IU School of Medicine campaign or Dr. Field's research, please call 274-3270.
The IMA 's Development Committee will match all pledges received by December 31, 1998 dollar-for-dollar.
-An extensive slide show library on a variety of theatre topics,
Since reservations for our stay in Houston are limited, I hope you will return your Nomination Acceptance today.
It gives me great pleasure to extend to you this invitation to Join the Republican Senatorial Inner Circle in a celebration of our spirit at our Republican National Convention in Houston, Texas, August 16-20.
You are invited to become a part of this important new venture to strengthen this growing partnership of two great state universities in Indianapolis.
Many see philanthropy as no more than the grand gestures of the rich.
Very soon, a friend of the IRT will be calling you to take your pledge over the phone.
Again, let me congratulate you on your unanimous nomination for Inner Circle membership and urge you to accept this honor as soon as possible.
By May 1, we must conclude membership renewal options for 1991 contributors.
McCoy invites the support of The __ Company Foundation in the amount of $10,000.
Your generosity will help the IRT continue to tell the best stories in the finest manner possible.
Even with the continuing generosity of donors, the Museum has programs and operations that go unfunded each year.
Jerry Bepko, Chancellor of IUPUI, paid tribute to Kent through these remarks.
We can continue to strengthen the education of good lawyers.
It is important and we hope that you will make a significant contribution to the Pursuit of Excellence fund this year.
The work by Loren I. Field, Ph.D., and his colleagues at the School was a cover story in a recent issue of Science - the preeminent journal recognizing benchmark research.
learn to walk in someone else's shoes
As we become independent, please help us strengthen the distinction of your degree.
The Indiana Dental Association Distinguished Chair will represent the first state dental association in the country to complete such a commitment to its dental school.
A recent Lou Harris poll indicates that over 66% of today's female business leaders have Girl Scout backgrounds.
You, along with other caring members, will be helping the effort to preserve and promote our state's proud heritage.
Your membership will provide you with admittance to our members only activities as well as full credentials to all official Convention sessions.
This year's alumni luncheon is scheduled for October 23, 1991, during the AMRA Annual Meeting in Nashville, Tennessee.
Visitors will have the opportunity to view changing shows in the Hilbert Conservatory  Butterflies Are Free, Wizard of Oz, Toyland, and Flights of Fantasy.
These can include unforeseen chances to enhance student and faculty learning by inviting special visitors and scholars to the campus when they happen to be in the state.
WHAT IS THE SENIOR CHALLENGE?
Your humane society provides not only effective community social services for animals and their people, but also serves as the pound for the City of Nashua.
The difficulties of the anatomical structure of elephants made what is considered a common procedure among domestic animals extremely problematic.
We may not have had everything that we wanted or we'd seen other people have, but she made sure we had the necessary things that we needed.
Members receive discounts on Society products and publications available through regular catalogs and at the History Market gift shop located at our beautiful Society headquarters.
I've been affiliated with the IRT for 17 years.
Dialogue with representatives of the city and other civic and community organizations regarding the IMA's development of the Art &amp
While the numbers are impressive, scholarships often are critical in recruiting the top students with financial need.
My intuition, of course, has a very specific basis-you are a person who cares, as demonstrated by your annual stewardship donation to your parish.
And she was always there for us
Fully professional, fully produced theatre has made a difference to children like Becky, Stephanie, Marcus, Emily, and their classmates from across the state of Indiana.
As with all gifts to the Institute, 100% of your contribution will be used directly for research.
My dream is to see every American become part of the Olympic family, so please give whatever you can.
These open seats --Washington, Colorado, and North Dakota --coupled with the ousting of long-term Democrat Alan Dixon, have greatly increased our chances for victory.
Outside of the Theatre, IRT artists go directly into the classroom to work with kids and introduce them more personally to the world of theatre.
It pays for the care, feeding, and housing of the thousands of plants and animals at the Zoo.
In 1990 the Program established the Elton T. Ridley Distinguished Service Award.
In addition, Indiana residents may receive tax benefits through the Indiana tax credit which is applied directly against the bottom line of the state tax return.
If you have questions or suggestions, please call either myself (924-5471) or Bob Lovell (274-0622) today.
It is part of the Center's effort to serve the needs of communities directly by training those 'who are responsible for sustaining philanthropy at the grassroots.
Following a show, a young couple came up to the stage to say hello.
Many more arts and cultural opportunities exist in Indianapolis, yet none finer than Civic Theatre.
We are asking all graduates for a gift of $1000.
.. Make our society better.
Your name or other inscription of your choice will be engraved on a plaque and.
.. wisps of white clouds scattered across a clear, blue sky.
In this way the YMCA seeks to fulfill its  To put Christian principles into practice through programs that encourage personal growth and build health of spirit, mind and body for all.
Consequently, I know that you go to extra lengths to be compassionate and caring to others.
The Friends operate at two levels -the Citywide Friends and the Branch Friends -and you can become active at either one or both levels.
This is extremely important to the long-term survival of elephants in human care, as well as the wild.
The wonderful connections formed each day are made possible through the support of Society operations.
P. S. A tribute donation to the IMA makes a wonderful holiday gift.
Technology, although seemingly indispensable, has caused us to go into hyperspeed.
Please give now so we can go on giving back to you and your friends and neighbors.
Commencement 1991 renews memories of student days at Indiana University.
Graduates of the I. U .School of Law-Indianapolis leave with fundamental lawyering skills and a sound legal education.
The Indianapolis Civic Theatre has entertained her audiences with professionally-produced plays and musicals for 82 years while providing an arena for our city's exceptional talent, but that is certainly not the extent of it.
For this fiscal year and next, the law school is required to absorb reductions in its state appropriation and increased health costs totaling more than $400,000.
Her name is Amali which means hope - and she is certainly a wonderful representative of the hope that IZS has to further conservation efforts for African elephants in Zoos and in the wild.
But there are many more who still need our help.
Also, you have the satisfaction of knowing that your colleagues are being urged to emulate your good judgment.
Please prayerfully consider how much you can give.
We also emphasize plays that directly relate to history, literature and social study topics.
Omnia vincit amor (unless you work for the Weekly Standard): Brit Hume ( Fox News Sunday ) speculates on why Lewinsky might not  She still has a hopeless crush on the president.
Much has been made of hiring Michael Apted to bring a more human touch to the series.
to watch a girl in a white fur parka and boots
What the movie neglects to mention is that Kaufman had often talked about how he would like to pull off his own death.
With OPEN going platinum, why not a neon CLOSED sign?
The newsweeklies' cover packages pander to anxious parents.
Rockefeller was caught up in this anguished giving when Avenging Angel Tarbell began to rend his flesh in McClure's.
The New Yorker 's Adam Gopnik says the Venice Biennale is overpopulated by [a]ging Pop artists, years removed from their best work (Jim Dine, Claes Oldenburg), [who] sit alongside...
Nancy Griffin writes in Hollywood Strikes Back that Michael Eisner extended an olive branch to former friend Mike Ovitz, but Ovitz declined to accept it.
More recently, in a trade case in New York, Klayman found himself on the other end of charges of ethnic bias.
One would hardly expect a roomful of corporate reps to hiss, boo, and shout bullshit at a sitting U.S. labor secretary.
Just because nurture has a more significant effect on athletic performance doesn't mean that nature lies dormant, though.
There is one detail of Southern japes that has inverted its class associations.
Once home, I learned the United States cuts off supplies in two ways.
The world's oldest and largest university press--Oxford--has just announced that it is canceling its poetry list.
The publication of the RPH book is followed by the book tour, which leads to the next fact about the
There's a consolation prize for humanity, though.
This week the Enquirer offers a preview of Ken Starr's report on the great love affair, which will enumerate romps in the Presidential limo, the Oval Office and even the LINCOLN BEDROOM!
This is what Sidewalk  It recorded the URLs of TicketMaster's transaction pages, where you buy tickets for specific shows.
The main point, though, is that there aren't actually all that many Milosevics in the world.
Time 's cover story is Bill Gates' 12-step program for succeeding in the digital age.
Sports aren't the only events to bet on at these sites.
On Aug. 25, after the Democratic convention had opened in Atlantic City, N.J., Johnson, then 56 years old, threatened in three recorded conversations to withdraw from the presidential race.
Lamar Alexander dropped his presidential bid.
On top of this sorry civil-liberties record are the misuse of the FBI in the White House's own original travel-office investigation, and what has come to be known as Filegate.
Tung has vowed to crack down on property speculators, but many think his bark will be worse than his bite.
Run Silent, Run Deep, Run the Answer
Paul seems to regard Alan Greenspan as an ideologue who actually does control the unemployment rate according to the dictates of some economic theory.
With Microsoft Helpdesk assistance I figured out that my CD-ROM drive was probably connected to my sound card and not to the IDE port, and thus was foiling Linux.
The complaints covered the  baggage problems, surly flight attendants, mysteriously canceled flights, billing atrocities.
Lawrence Singleton, a notorious rapist who hacked off his victim's forearms and then spent only eight years in prison, has been arrested in the stabbing to death in Florida of another woman.
Steve, I couldn't even lift your wallet, Hatch shot back.
The Nerds, who hole up in the economics and computer classrooms, have an even more hopeless position.
The New Republic 's Charles Lane says that News of a Kidnapping merely extends Gabriel Garcaa Marquez's record of dishonest journalism.
There are many options for attacking the logic of this cosmological argument, and contemporary opponents of theism have tried them all.
Talmudic carries none of this baggage.
The courthouse is not the only political circus in Washington this morning.
It's obvious that our discussion must rest until this ambitious book is published.
Sure, the Linda Tripp conversations do not make her sound like Simone de Beauvoir discussing her relationship with Jean-Paul Sartre.
Photograph of Bill Clinton on the Slate Table of Contents by Kevin Lamarque/Reuters.
This budget makes some big--if dubious--choices, if only implicitly.
Which is more than the News Quiz can promise about Fox.
This is the legal underpinning of Justice Anthony Kennedy's nostalgic embrace of states' rights.
Through it all, Morris maintains that what he was doing was really very high-minded.
The World Health Organization announced that a new strategy for treating tuberculosis could save 10 million lives over the next decade.
Jacob Weisberg's excellent essay, Car Talk, on the key to this year's gubernatorial and municipal elections, redefines the word autocracy.
The cover story reviews the latest research on how babies think.
Population growth is like pollution in reverse.
Not content to disgrace Clinton morally, his adversaries tried to inflate his cover-up of the Lewinsky affair into crimes and impeachable offenses.
Well, given that Bill Bradley grew up in St. Louis   wait, sorry, that would only be funny if Al Gore had grown up in Tennessee.
Now why is that better than becoming a fur coat?
Yet, even in USA Today 's recent in-the-black years, the paper has been a magnet for negative media-critic boilerplate.
When this technique works, you get a powerful story, albeit one whose subject is not revealed until around the third paragraph.
Monetary cost of keeping the microwave for a  $6.
Sabol said he has to take the occasional pit stop, but even that is conveniently arranged.
sexual or excretory activities or organs.
The only book question on the NEA survey is Have you read any literature in the past year?
The First Wives Club, a revenge-comedy about three abandoned wives, grossed more on its first weekend than any other women's film in history.
Why doesn't this apply on the Web?
Woodward's is the best look we're likely to get at Colin Powell's psyche.
The USDA argues, however, that what is needed is more enforcement power, and to that end, it is advancing a bill designed to expand its authority.
Some of these concepts have demonstrated their success at an experimental level and are ripe for expansion.
Police announced that they have ruled out JonBenet Ramsey's half-brother and half-sister as suspects in her murder, evidently because both were out of town when the crime was committed.
Using these eight simple techniques, you can fabricate a news story in the comfort of your own home.
Samuel Sheinbein will serve a murder sentence in Israel.
You are not sure you've been clear about whose side you're on.
Time 's profile of Kenneth Starr depicts him as conservative, overzealous, and nerdy.
The Senate agreed that a new agency should supervise nuclear weapons research.
The junk yards of history are strewn with wreckage.
The Politicization of Nearly Everything (Literary Division) proceeds apace.
One day, the technology that today creates a market for visionaries will be as mundane as light bulbs.
Modern women love to be thin, but they also want their strength to look physical, not just emotional or mental, in the Romantic vein.
The ultimate perverse consequence of Livingston's resignation is that it has allowed Clinton to appear magnanimous.
Pundits often say history is written by the winners.
The Scotsman reports that Edinburgh University is withholding exam results from 90 computer science students while the administration determines whether or not they used the Internet to cheat.
This is the ultimate Republican fallback.
Rudolph Giuliani defends  his handling of the Amadou Diallo shooting to Newsweek. [The New York Police Department] is not the KKK, he offers.
Theory of the Leisure  Modern medicine and hygiene have licked most of the major problems that used to preoccupy our immune system.
Monday through Friday delivery of James Surowiecki's Moneybox column, plus other Slate economic and financial articles.
That's a gray area, says John Kirkwood, who is with the ALA of Metropolitan Chicago.
Of all the unsatisfactory people I EVER met--
This question is about the etiquette of having a love affair with a macroeconomist.
Of course, there was a good reason to think the government had it in for King--the government did have it in for King.
Thank You, Sir, Could I Have Another Answer
One way to find the answer is to begin with a different  How much was Ames' information worth to the Soviets?
Prudie agrees there is something tacky about being seen chewing gum.
The best tactic for a situation tainted by your own imperfection is to define yourself as the happy medium, superior to those on both your left and right.
Lamar Alexander's way out is worth noting, though it doesn't rise to the level of illogic.
Of course, this disaggregation of content may be ruinous for magazines like Slate.
One thing these postwar tract-home developments did have in abundance was kids, and considered as kid cities, they were wonderfully designed.
My second set of objections to the communitarian explanation of Littleton is the way it over-blames parents.
Why is the consistent solution the right solution?
The conventional wisdom about the musical Ragtime continues to fluctuate.
This kind of treatment for big contributors is quite routine.
Top honors go to the Riven --an upgrade to the best-selling computer game of all time, Myst --about a person marooned on an island.
TV dinners carry a terrible stigma.
More  The Anti-Defamation League's survey describes a continuing drop in America's hard core anti-Semites--from 29 percent in 1964, to 20 percent in 1992, to 12 percent currently.
She was a big-haired brunette with a fleshy face, full lips, and large teeth.
Sullivan invokes the mantra of equal treatment as if it's an argument-ender.
Pynchon : As befits a man guarding, as opposed to flaunting, his privacy, Pynchon has kept his private life private.
Though this approach will seem quite reasonable to rationalists, it is one of the more controversial approaches to reconciling faith and reason.
Taliban rule has not been popular with non-Pashtun communities or the more sophisticated, liberal-minded residents of the major cities, especially Kabul.
Morrison certainly has earned the right to be as idiosyncratic as, say, William Gaddis, Thomas Pynchon, or William Faulkner.
Prudence, our advice columnist, has retired, and her column has been taken over by her niece, also named Prudence.
Newsweek says tourists and celebs are flocking to Patagonia, once a haven for escaped Nazis.
They Shoot Students, Don't They?
Newsweek exposes how far the pro wrestling industry will go to keep fans interested.
Nor does democratization change the underlying reality of international  geography.
It's too bad that the noise about Finkelstein has drowned out his co-writer, Birn.
Let me show you how the American people in the end viewed your performance as independent counsel.
Part of the answer, I suspect, is sociological.
Look for Emily Dickinson's forthcoming poem, All I Really Need to Know in Poetry I Learned at Microsoft.
Speaking of White House advisers, Time excerpts Henry Kissinger's account of his years as Nixon's secretary of state.
The trip was worth it, at least in terms of understanding what motivates Republic of Texas believers.
Slope vs.  Much of the debate turns on which issues are associated with abortion.
So, I called U-Haul to inquire about its rental policies.
The real cause for concern is that HMOs may fail to control costs in the long term.
The cover story debates whether NATO's goal should be to carve up Kosovo or administer it as a protectorate.
You Can't Find a Cheaper Answer
Still, the inevitable death of Pokemon presents us with the opportunity to create the replacement phenom and cash in on it.
knowing all the while that, having known, I always will know this torn, singular voice
So what about a hybrid plan--subscriptions for heavy users, and micropayments for the rest?
Pamela Harriman, the U.S. ambassador to France, legendary Democratic Party financier, and serial wife and lover to great men of the 20 th century, died of a brain hemorrhage at 76.
To the contrary, a government offer of money is not coercion--and not even remotely comparable to what goes on in China.
With software, the agency is an independent, trusted body verifying that software comes from where it claims.
The arguments the administration now makes about food stamps, of course, can easily be made about basic welfare--TANF--too.
Like Ross, Mehta struggles to express William Shawn's ineffable virtues.
Looking for the Key to Keeping Safe (Sorry for the bad pun.)
So how many readers does Slate have?
Three Japanese banks will merge to create the world's largest financial institution.
The mayor of Letohrad, the town where Josef Korbel grew up, says he sent Albright three letters in recent years.
Raves for Mrs. Dalloway keep coming, but a more critical take also emerges.
When is a dollar not a dollar?
The notion of having college freshmen explore the realities of these two campuses in a Diary (Seth Bisen-Hersh of MIT, Ben Trachtenberg of Yale) is very appealing--the problem arises in the execution.
Please understand that Federal Regulations prohibit FAA personnel, XXXX Airlines, and all other air carriers from sharing specific information regarding this program with the public.
Well, somehow I suspect that the residents of Madrid and Atlanta, while they may regret some loss of tradition, prefer modernity.
On the other hand, he's got Mark Twain between him and daylight.
Which leaves us with Armey.
The decent and sensitive thing to do is tell the president.
Now, these are not issues that ivory-tower libertarians would ignore.
The pursuit of contributions from the high-tech community is one of the reasons that some candidates have gone to great lengths to develop a high-tech platform.
Our more aggressive respondents, excited to nail entire bodies of work in one go, bypassed books and went straight for the authors themselves.
The doc  3 milligrams a night is waaaaay too much.
Prudie wants you to immediately regain your sense of humor and be grateful that your pal stepped in before any, uh, harm was done.
Should you switch to Linux?
It's not just that Bradley opposed the ethanol subsidy until the other day.
Moreover, as far as we know, life emerged here on earth only once.
Today's question reminds me of the one and only time I went to the Radio City Music Hall Christmas Pageant, at which, among other things, they offer something called the Living Nativity.
Why would human beings have Laibson-style preferences in the first place?
The Clinton administration's position is that the Internet should be a federal duty-free zone.
So irradiating food seems safe, effective, and cheap.
There is a difference between canny skepticism and dumbbell skepticism.
The presence of Bugsy Siegel and Kid Twist in our recent history does not mean we are a tough people.
The Smithsonian Natural History Web (page down two or three times)
The conventional wisdom in Washington this week is that young writers such as Glass who crack up deserve sympathy because the system pressures them into becoming stars before they are journeymen.
Others answered the question, but Keyes stuffed it.
To sing good fortune to come to those I fear for,
Talk-show guests these days often have had formal training in how to avoid answering questions, and every 3-year-old knows how to deliver a prepackaged sound bite.
John Horgan's review of Richard Dawkins' Climbing Mount Impossible (The Mystery of Life) is interesting.
Soderbergh is one of those rare filmmakers who learn on the job.
Which aspect of our foreign policy does Richard Clarke most fear will be abandoned--standing around while civilians are slaughtered in Rwanda or standing around while civilians are slaughtered in Kosovo?
The same can't be said for the New York Times. In its editorial on the cocaine controversy, the Times advised Bush to be honest, and to let the country take his measure.
Lenny Bruce began his apologia this way--and I quote from bad memory--The continuation of crime, disease, suffering, and death is what keeps me, Albert Schweitzer, and J. Edgar Hoover in business.
Many of the young donors' parents are longtime political activists who know the rules.
Tuesday, Bush warned, Too often, on social issues, my party has painted an image of America slouching toward Gomorrah.
This man was born in Germany, is wealthy, educated, well-traveled...
The second level of falsity is that Brock defends Hillary only to elevate his own, proprietary scandal.
Steven E. Landsburg exhibited a rather alarming disregard for common sense in his recent article Tax the Knickers Off Your Grandchildren.
Just regarding the complaint about reliance on girlfriends, though, Prudie suggests you have a loooong and serious heart-to-heart with your wife, outlining your disturbance with her choices.
Obviously, being fairly arbitrary, many of the AFI choices may not lend themselves to sound cultural interpretation.
Time runs two anti-emotion articles.
Walcott trained to be a painter--like his schoolteacher father, who died when Walcott was a baby--and The Bounty is his most painterly book, in method and theme.
This proposal initially drew some jeers from pundits whose contempt for Forbes is pretty obvious.
One measure of attachment to ordinary  Does the president carry a wallet?
Thanks to Vatican II (and one of its little-noted consequences, an ebbing of American anti-Catholicism), Catholics unself-consciously socialize with other Christians and attend their christenings, weddings, and funerals.
Whatever happened to the military's traditional heartless approach of finding a scapegoat?
Michael Lewis, interviewed about his book Trail Fever, observed that Alexander did something I didn't think possible in this campaign.
My gender is interesting but really not the subject of the story here.
The most irritating sight on a New York street (excluding Donald Trump's naked swing dancing with the ghost of Boss Tweed) is anyone jabbering into a cell phone.
Yet New York state senators and legislators privately admit they assented to the legislation because they were impressed with the ferocity of the support for the bill.
Newsweek 's cover story argues that North America was first peopled by a Rainbow Coalition of ethnic types, not just the Bering Strait-crossing Asians commonly depicted in history textbooks.
Stepping on Some Mighty Big Toes
Personally, Prudie is not wild about boyfriend and girlfriend for people over 30, and she loathes the term lover except when used by European women.
The Boston Globe has published a hard-hitting four part series on Harvard University.
The Greenlee County, Ariz., public library illustrates the money and technology woes of rural institutions.
When the ball fell, a huge sign was illuminated and transmitted on every  2000 Discover Card.
Well, I wasn't going to sign up.
You know who would understand?
You cannot remove these.dll files while Windows is running (which is part of Microsoft's point).
The folks at L'academie Internationale des Arts et des Sciences Numeriques have innovated a clever variant on this trick.
Which camp is right has enormous public health consequences.
Such ebullitions of insanity continued for three decades, becoming more rococo.
Let me close by answering in advance the question that I know I'll be asked in e-mail, namely, Are you really serious?
So in the Cuban tropics, too, there has just now been a day as beautiful as glory, cold as the tomb.
Or, consider the issue of informing Congress about covert actions.
Nemeth promised to investigate the motel in question.
Wednesday, Clinton chose to talk about a different industry.
Search for condescension, sentimentality, irony (with separate options for intentional and unintentional), pandering, obscurantism, and puns;
The European Union's Eurocrats have worthy ideas, such as persuading the continent's governments to agree on harmonious environmental and immigration policies.
The trick is to think of me less as the new sheriff in town and more as one of the nannies the von Trapp children killed before Maria.
Never mind the question of whether the Dow Jones industrial average is the proper measure of how well the rich are doing.
The most striking implication of the CMP theory is that the concern for relative position vanishes in societies where mates are allocated by mechanisms other than wealth.
Keeping the integrationist faith are black liberals like Professors Henry Louis Gates and Cornel West. Joining them is black economist Glenn Loury, a conservative who broke ranks to endorse affirmative action as a necessary policy.
This is no secret to music retailers.
The very insinuation that Hillary Rodham Clinton could possibly have anything to learn from Princess Diana was intriguing enough to make me click on Margaret Carlson's Hillary and Di.
Property is an endless succession of bubbles in space, or cyberspace, with different people claiming an endless variety of interests in them.
Will anyone remember the World Trade Organization in half a century?
The options are not that attractive.
Would I order a set for myself?
Time foresees trouble for the SAT.
Still alive at 93, de Kooning is now neither artist nor channel surfer.
None of these has much current appeal, luxe notwithstanding.
Not Naomi Wolf's Fault Answer
So why does Gates produce at such a frantic pace?
Third, even if we accept the conclusions, they don't apply to all mass entertainment venues.
There is no need to apologize for our leadership role.
There are, of course, many elegant and flirtatious scenes set on yachts.
The Teacher of the Year program is sponsored by Scholastic Inc., best known among impressionable school children for distributing cool magazines whose exclusive advertiser is the U.S.
The MCI Web site spells out the intended method of measuring these home runs.
To suppress the image of homosexuality as a vice, Clinton and Birch attribute civic virtues to gays.
Many of your suggestions involved actions that, while amusing and cruel, are not illegal but merely unlikely (Most men would be too scared to lift it while the monkey was in the room.)
Sometimes this personal process of maturity or decay (take your pick) is reinforced by what's happening in the culture.
there, click Actress. You should find yourself...
Newsweek runs a rant bemoaning the glitzification of the Hamptons.
My hero, though, is Richard Heseltine, the chairman of the Overseas Investment Trust, who resigned earlier this month in opposition to the business plan forced on him by his superiors.
Stevenson's article shows a fundamental lack of understanding about what our campaign entails.
That sits in shadow of Apollo's tree.
The basic flow of world history, as I'm not the first to note, is toward interdependence.
The New Yorker has fought back with special issues--massive tomes about race or Hollywood or the future.
Real noise appeals to the young and appalls the old.
While I'm not writing you from the United States, that's where I normally am, so sign me...
What Herrnstein and Murray used to measure IQ is actually a measure of education as well as intelligence.
The Science studies also ignore simple truths about brain chemistry.
The French findings were basically  Eighteen million prescriptions were filled for fen-phen in the United States last year.
There are two evolutionary advantages to looking average.
The State Department has asked Moscow to amend the ABM Treaty--which most missile defense proponents view as an outdated Cold War dinosaur anyway.
We've become so accustomed to hearing U.S. companies complain about foreign competition that it's easy to see Kodak's post-defeat recriminations as just more whining.
You are making too much of this.
The body of Dowd's work as a columnist, and in particular the Flytrap pieces that won her the Pulitzer, is one of the most brilliant examples yet of boomer self-castigation.
More  Capitalizing on frayed relations between British Telecom and MCI, WorldCom outbid BT by offering $30 billion for MCI.
Whether this combination of facts and speculation is grounds for demonstrations of protest is a matter of taste.
Media conglomeration runs in cycles, so the fish currently progressing through the bellies of the media kings may not stay there for long.
Will the White House come around?
Russia is facing increasing challenges in the Chechen war.
The FDA's regulations do not make it harder for adults to buy cigarettes.
The ending theories identify ages with distinguishing features that have come to an end or will come to an end and will not recur.
The Feminization of Culture Answer
Time interviews Deborah Eappen, grieving mother in the Louise Woodward au pair case.
The impassioned cover story warns that America's national parks are being ruined by overcrowding, underfunding, invasion by exotic plant and animal species, and commercial development.
The best thing that may be said of Podhoretz and Decter is that their biological clocks can't have many more minutes left on them.
Alternative should not be used in place of alternate.
)  On returning to base one parks one's car in a motor-home--where else?
One can imagine a bulldozer operator as he blades out a road for a new development being hailed by the developer   Hey, Loyd ...
I reported this in a letter to Dr.  it seemed to amuse him, and he sent me a small fruitcake that Christmas.
The team had previously been known by the memorable designation Beaneaters , which, in a curious way, might also be considered an Indian nickname.
It is gratuitously assumed that Yiddish ...
And I sympathize with your remark on page 19: Brunner's First Law of Authorship   In any given body of text there is at least one error that its writer has read straight past three times.
I couldn't find such a definition in the thesaurus.
How can one do that?
By the time he entered his sixties, in 1895, Skeat gave the impression that he was beginning to take these matters a little less
On the shingle at the back of the zawn lay a crumpled black car and a bright pink fishing buoy, small as toys against the boulders.
Moreover,  it contains only terms known to have arisen in the Twentieth Century,  according to the Preface, but omits the military slang of the earlier 20th century.
The good Dr. Spooner, a kind man with white hair and cherubic face, served New College for a half century as distinguished scholar and able administrator.
If one had the 1984 edition, he might well resent having to buy this book rather than a briefer (and less expensive) Supplement.
It might be argued that the writing should be phonemic, not phonetic, but phonemes change, too, though more slowly.
Split Ends a Cosmetology Shop is a nice example of appositional elegance combined with euphemism in the appositive and the low key or off-beat opening.
Bernstein explains in the introduction
..,  but the second time the encounter is  he is caught in the middle between two friends.
If you find any Peculiar (Missouri) names or ones that comes as a Surprise (Nebraska), just Jot 'Em Down (Texas) Safely (Tennessee)--unless, of course, they are Errata (Mississippi).
Which do you like better, math or science?
Literacy and numeracy have come to the fore in recent years as major issues, not only (or even so much) in the Third World as in the industrialized nations.
Given time and improved technology, all non-radio phones may be branded as wire phones .
It is not suggested that these subjects be interdicted, merely that it is difficult, even after some twenty years of acculturation, for an outlander to discern much that is funny about them.
Finally, one must be wary of elongation that carries with it a distinctly different meaning.
One thing M. Tesniares hasn't reckoned with, though, is the Anglo-Saxon input.
Make your head with heat grow dizzy.
No other profession has so rich a tradition of self-deprecation.
And with notes of pride, those rags that have earned pejorative names in the local lore use those sobriquets in private correspondence, saloon chat, and unofficial resumes.
The last sentence   We assume, of course, that you have not submitted this essay elsewhere.
If lite/light simply describes a characteristic of the beer (e.g.
Vanilla , extracted from the seedpods of a tropical plant, was borrowed from Spanish vainilla , which denoted the flower, the pod, or the flavoring.
The poor overworked noun was even used where neither it nor any alternate was needed.
On top of all this, we have the unhappy fact that eloquent writing is indeed sometimes memorable, compounding the problem.
A cavalier is tied to his steed through Latin caballus `horse.
On a ranch you might hear someone say,  Today we've got to cut those penned steers,  meaning perhaps `separate out the ones to be shipped.
Linguists have demonstrated that the first lingua france (called Mediterranean Lingua Franca by many linguists) was actually spoken before the first Crusade began in A.D. 1096.
Confronted with this attitude and somewhat awed, the British acknowledged their respect by capitalizing the word.
Original animal metaphors are all but obliterated in words that have no reference to animals.
Sometimes it is the sneakiest, too.
The association of money names with other weights is  ouguiya (Mauritania) means `ounce.
If ever I write an autobiography it will be in dictionary  names of places and people defined in terms of private significance.
A new morpheme survives the novelty of its first innovation (like telethon for - athon ) because it turns out to be useful, almost as if by accident, and brings something new into the idiom.
Oh, you and your witty repartees and bons mots.
[ In all fairness, it must be said that Mr. Room wrote as soon as he realized his slip in referring to the Bummel as a river.
(`In the school patios the great noise-- hubbub --is ceasing.
good brother -- this expression of common present usage is found in Julius Caesar (iv.
If so, they might be induced to buy this edition because it contains 55 pages of words, definitions, and citations not previously published.
As it happens, of course, there are more distinctive dialects of English in Britain than in North America, and anyone who has spent any time listening to them knows that some are mutually unintelligible.
We were somewhat intimidated by the look of it, but we ate it--without enthusiasm, but with the stiff upper lip we had imbibed, so to speak, with our mothers' milk.
How old are  young people ?
'  A Tennessee informant used dog weather for `hot, rainless weather,' which may derive from the expression dog days referring to dry August weather.
an alternative to a dispreferred expression, in order to avoid possible loss of  either one's own face or, through giving offense, that of the audience, or of some third party.
Today these Germanisms do not even stay put in the United States.
According to the blurbs, the former contains 2000 entries, the latter 2700; but the ODNW is more densely packed with information-- at least thirty per cent more, by my calculations.
Besides, their concept of time is circular, not linear, so marking the passage of time is not as important as celebrating the return of seasonal events.
It is a way of saying,  I am an outlaw, a mountain man!
These things are outside of man, while style is man himself.
Say break, steak, but bleak and streak.
For example, some have derivations distinctly removed from the equipment used or the court on which the game is played.
As for challenges, I am currently looking for a word that can be cut into two successively smaller forms.
For example, diagnosis was borrowed from a Greek word (which, incidentally, did not mean the same thing); two hundred years afterwards, the verb diagnose --a back formation --was coined.
To put the matter differently, I could write an essay called  The Perils of Literacy  or  A Little Literacy Is a Dangerous Thing.
I hope to live to the year 2000 to help with the Yiddish Guide .  I am sure that Yiddish will still be around, surviving its detractors, as it has for a thousand years.
(It has been said, not altogether jokingly, that if the Japanese were required to pay a license fee for every English word they used, their trade surplus would vanish.)
Speakers who want to impress their audiences know they have to telegraph key points and facts, then announce them, then repeat, dramatize, explain, and embellish.
It is curious to note that terms not appearing on the list included slow learner, neurological handicap, brain injury, and educational handicap.
But this gloss on the dedication is omitted in the review, leaving the reader no wiser than before.
In the closing years of the 19th century there was much discussion concerning the word
The Cambridge University Press has seen fit to honor the 200th anniversary of Boswell's Life of Johnson with a collection of fourteen essays on the biographer and his subject.
I was puzzled by Rebecca Christian's mention in  Blessed Be the Words That Bind' [XVI,3] of  Vikki Carr's song, `Is That All There Is?
But they have one private, hidden name which remains a family secret.
In most common use are the words in the third group that originally define sexual acts.
Some names, although they may be objectionable, are not changed.
The King James Bible, which contains many such archaisms, has preserved them for modern English; wherefore more commonly appears in the tautology whys and wherefores .
As a proud Scot myself, I feel that a much more probable reason for this apparent lack of linguistic ambition is to be found in the regional dialect.
I have never understood why the International Phonetic Alphabet is not used in English dictionaries of all sorts, but this is beyond the scope of our remarks in this review.
But such acknowledgments do not qualify as dedications in the sense generally understood and in the book at hand in particular.
(a) Change each d or t in the target to c.
'  Another example comes from VIP `Vasoactive Intestinal Poly-peptide.
Grammar and glamour are historically the same word.
As all the time I was kneeling with my forehead on the wood in front of me, and was thinking of myself as praying, I was a little ashamed.
If adjectives soften ethnic terms, nouns can harden them.
Nothing underscores the subtle complexities of language more strikingly than the miscommunications that occur among pilots, crew members, and air traffic controllers.
consistency is a form of ritualism.
Some of the book's lexical entries are questionable.
Make my coat look new, dear, sew it!
In modern French novels about military experiences, however, one may find a soldier proposing to his buddies,  Allons, les gars.
said my wife, raising an eyebrow.
One of the latest words to enter the Abbreviation Cycle of Redundancy Race is Missouri .  The  Show-Me  state gained statehood in 1821.
Continence, after all, is a virtue, or so say those who do not have it imposed on them.
In a book dealing with a subject of this sort one must be extremely careful to cleave to rigid definitions of the key terms ( euphemism, dysphemism, taboo , etc.) and not deviate from them.
And we know that Professor Honey has it right when he writes about
Lil Armstrong, who was the pianist for the session, improvised the answer,  That's named `Muskrat Ramble'; isn't that right, Red?
The next week, my nephew asked for an acoustic guitar for his birthday.
Blood and flood are not like food,
One of the linguistic phenomena to have emerged during the last hundred years or so is the acceptance of the notion that an important step in solving problems lies in naming them.
There are nationalities and ethnic groups so confident, so satisfied with themselves that ethnic epithets either bounce off them like pebbles off an elephant or are adopted as amusing or even ornamental.
The dictionaries I have checked are silent--improperly so, I think--on these senses.
Goistering was a curious term for loud feminine laughter; a bad worker was called  his excuse might well be, Old Laurence has got hold of me today!
He rhymed it with pandemonium ; judging from the lawsuits which proliferate over condominium parking spaces, balcony barbecues, and pets pooping in the halls, he might have been right to use the neologism.
She insisted that he fly home  means `She wanted him to fly home,' though whether he actually did or not would be revealed in a later chapter.
One rares back and uses this phrase when one finds himself in surroundings of unaccustomed elegance, such as sipping an aperitif in an elegant restaurant with a bevy of tuxedoed waiters dancing attendance.
In 1972, Phillip Morris, Inc.'s Miller Brewing Co. acquired the Lite beer label in a buyout of Meister Brau Inc.
[XVIII,4] refers to huevos in its slang sense, `balls,' not its literal sense, `eggs.
Consider this figure in light of the fact that the largest English dictionary--now out of print--had 600,000 or so entries, including many obsolete forms.
Still others will simply marvel at the use of language and wonder just where our analytical side ends and our emotional side begins.
schlock `shoddy, cheaply produced merchandise.
'Without this explanation, the information that surname is from French surnom seems to me to be of very little interest.
To the horror of some Western readers, however, he was at least once quoted out of context as having threatened to  bury  America.
Mr. Kaplan's generation has largely died off, and its progeny have become Americanized.
Sometimes you have to believe that all English speakers should be committed to an asylum.
The twelve articles collected under the general rubrics of Contexts of responsiveness, Listener response and communication, and Responsive readers have mixed success in dealing with the subject.
'  It is remarkable that this anomaly still persists, even in many modern sources.
Spanish cursing and swearing is inventive-- echar sapos y culebras literally, means `to throw out frogs and snakes.
196), for instance, we learn that  the original lingua franca (Italian, Frankish language) was a hybrid language.
rom the beginning people had to have names to identify themselves.
Words are, generally speaking, old.
(Before continuing, the reader may wish to try this feat, too.)
grantsmanship a form of panhandling in which the participants are very well dressed.
In this way, the spelling of a word often relates to that of other words belonging to the same paradigm, or to its own history.
In response to Richard Lederer's call for submissions in a  most graceful and coherent eleven-word supersentence  contest [ The Glamour of Grammar,  XVI,4], I offer the
The equally whimsical nature of the  definitions' defies description.
The  an inadvertent omission of a hyphen from the computer's mass of coded mathematical ascent guidance instructions.
In a sense, it seems illogical that we have retained the historic spellings for Spenser's works yet use modern spellings for the titles of plays by his contemporary, William Shakespeare.
Two reference librarians were at a loss as to how to begin a search.
Nothing comes from nothing, Lucretius argued two thousand years ago, and tautologists have proved him right.
Smacks of old fogeyism, does it not?
They teach us to be resolute, relentless, and resourceful.
I had not been on the Continent long when I wanted to buy some nylons for a girl friend.
Its official name was Flavian Amphitheater , after the family name of its builder, the emperor Vespasian.
When Alice objected,  But that's a different kind of fastness,  he replied,  It was all kinds of fastness with me, I can assure you!
Here along Oil Creek, Indians skimmed the surface oil off the water for domestic uses, and white settlers bottled it for medicinal purposes and called it Seneca Oil.
Of course, not every typographical error should be ascribed to a hidden unconscious motive on the part of the typesetter (or typist).
Thus, it is possible to pick out the necessary morsels of information in noisy surroundings, if facial expressions, gestures and other contextual clues are taken into account.
Thus, one has a romantic poem written in Latin in which the first line contains the words for man and woman on opposite ends of the line.
As we all know, there is an enormous number of publications dealing with highly specialized areas.
What are you doing becomes  Watch a dune.
The linguists who write books seem invariably to be scholars who are touting their own points of view, some of which are recondite, to say the least.
Pulse-tone  is not a technical term.
Seen any shepherds on Broadway lately or even mentioned in The New York Times?
One segment of the armed forces is the Construction Batallion, which was quickly abbreviated to C.B.
Skeat will not in this case ignore this note and repeat the offence at some future time.
The law of trademarks, which fills more than two volumes of the Annotated U.S.
Let it be remembered that they make no declarations.
From the five pages of personal acknowledgments (as opposed to a mere two pages of bibliography), it should be clear that the dictionary rests largely on original research.
I can sympathize, therefore, with their rejection of the term Negro as a racist term.
Mr. Nields replied,  I'm perfectly happy to use the expression `lengthy statements.
For example, a program chairman prepared in longhand a few laudatory introductory remarks about a   ..
Deborah Cameron and Deborah Hills (`Listening in': negotiating relationships between listeners and presenters on radio phone-in programmes ) have studied the output of LBC Radio, London's  all-talk  station, which I have listened to with interest.
Such a composition would no doubt leave the impression that the string section had suddenly caught fire.
In other words, what happens is something like the legerdemain of a magician's now-you-see-it-now-you-don't.
Scars of Venus A rash produced by secondary syphilis.
An advertisement in Rivington's New York Gazette on October 6, 1774,  wanted a young man acquainted with keeping books in the Italian method,  and another was from one who,  wants a place.
Persons not conversant with the languages involved will probably have no answers to these rhetorical questions, but I feel sure they will prefer to be spared the obnoxious truth.
buscarle la quinta pata al gato `to look for the cat's fifth leg' is very common with the meaning `to look for trouble'
And while xerography has provided both noun and verb newances for the word copy , Horace's ut pictura poesis reminds one that picture , too, has newances coexisting with its age-old meanings.
It sweeps words in its passage, as well.
But if he uses the grammer, vocabularly, and idiom of the standard English found in newspapers, books, magazines, and news bulletins, then all we notice about his speech is his accent--and possibly his intonation.
They sat at a computer terminals and would key in some kind of alphanumeric code that evoked many names.
Thus, dents are called nudgies , and major dents--the ones that require more than $500 to repair-- are owies .
to do (someone) wrong -- The Rape of Lucrece , line 1462:
For one thing, a cliche can be defined as an imaginative expression which through repetition has lost its imaginativeness.
Thus, I cannot accept Hendrickson's origin for horse latitudes , though, to give him his due, he only copied the etymology from other sources, the OED included.
Besides the lexicon, grammar--especially syntax--has changed somewhat, too, though again not so much as to be incomprehensible to the average modern reader.
I find nothing interesting, entertaining, or useful about any of the following, which are fairly typical of the
Many languages have this ambiguity.
That's the way the money goes--
But the question cannot even be asked when the details are mislaid.
And how did such a cold and unhuman thing like a telecommunications protocol for transferring files between a mainframe and a microcomputer get dubbed Kermit?
If enough people buy this book, it will soon need a second printing which, it is hoped, will include some of the foregoing (not these ) recommendations.
The only reference I have that mentions the strip at all ( The Penguin Book of Comics) is rather sketchy on detail.
In Santa Fe, where the Hispanic heritage and population remain considerable, the new pseudo-Spanish names are more apt to be correct than in, say, California or Tucson.
The soft, warm, children's words allow us to allay our fears about computers that crash and bomb and abort.
Sigmund Freud is not blameless.
Moreover, publishers are today generally less reluctant than before to make available to researchers the disks and tapes containing text.
Money has also derived its names from things or animals.
Hackers , or just plain droupies , probably have no trouble translating what I just wrote out of computer jargon and slang into more conventional English.
But even though as a boy I lived on a ranch right on the Mexican border, I remember being mystified by ranching terms that crept into Western songs from north of us, cayuse, for example.
Serious crime down, but murders increase.
In fact there are well over one hundred syllothetic modifiers.
One can also find some definitions here and there that are not entirely wrong yet with which one might disagree.
'The e stands for the phoneme /e/, which in this word is pronounced like the e in ebb in all varieties of Yiddish.
RH-II labels this current expression to be of South Midland and southern U.S. origin and means  to be on the verge of.
Section 8 discharge is ordered for this incorrigible company fxxxup.
Governmental/legal  batta, begar, chaprasi, dakoit, dakoity, dhan, dharna, kotwal, kotwali, panchayat, pottah, sabha
The truth is that cross-talk may at times resemble all three ironies, depending on the intent, audience, and effect.
'    We knew exactly what it meant.
The teacher explained, in terms that she hoped were appropriate to her audience.
However, as Mr. Levitt's daughter pointed out, it is usually found as a stretchy tie used to bind things up, as a reefed mainsail on its boom, light articles to a luggage rack, etc.--Editor.
The stadium itself, and the kind of activity that took place there, were called agon , a Greek word which originally meant simply `competition,' but which has given us our word `agony.
The flashes of wisdom should not be overlooked,
In Tokyo, a correspondent for The Economist sighted a T-shirt   O D on Bourgeoisie Milk Boy Milk.
The subjective satisfactory , and ordinary word rather than a legal one, is a trouble-maker and should be avoided.
If Esperanto is aspiring to become a  real  language, then it must begin to behave like one and, before long, it will begin to suffer the same  weaknesses  that natural languages suffer--polysemy and pleurisemy.
Despite that, Honey's treatment is virtually self-explanatory, and anyone contemplating a work on American accents would do well to be guided by the principles he has established.
The deleteriously loaded term elaborate scheme popped into the hearings with Representative Jack Brooks' words,  ..
Two of Canada's best-known popular history writers, Peter C. Newman and Pierre Berton, use the term almost exclusively in works they have written on Canada's North.
Hogwash, of course, is a designation for language as `worthless, disgusting, and unfit for human consumption, as pig slops.
I was as fast as--as lightning, you know.
It seems to be a way station between polytheism and monotheism, a useful concept that provides a missing link in the evolutionary process.
When I took my first office job in Switzerland, I had a secretary who knew no French or English, so that I had to write letters in these languages by hand for her to type.
The translators of the King James Bible were translating the Bible for a Christian audience; for them, the Bible consisted of the Old Testament and the New Testament.
The intricacies of the Gallic subjunctive do not worry him at all, and for the best reason in the  he does not even bother to try.
But he would indeed be feigning naavete to claim that generic man is now understood to include woman.
As Welsh's book has a list under PRONUNCIATION, I looked there, to no avail.
Taken in this context, the recent publication of the Omni Gazetteer of the United States of America , despite its 1,500,000 entries, may properly be seen as only a first step, albeit an ambitious one.
In the same way, manual typewriters depend on the full force of the fingers to create words, rather than on electric (or electronic) assistance.
'  My further point is that to be totally successful, a dictionary of this kind requires far more than the academic skills of a place-name specialist.
It seems silly to separate Gruyare the cheese from Gruyare the place in Switzerland whence it comes' indeed, the latter is not even an entry in the geographical sections of either dictionary.
See that curious little beast over there?
I derive enormous enjoyment from reading through back issues of such periodicals, a rather formidable prospect when you consider that each year makes up two volumes of about 400-odd pages each.
. running up and down.
That Swede church  isn't quite the same as  That Swedish church.
She pointed to a patch of equally depressing but bushier shrubbery.
The difference between a president and a king is that a king has no vice .
I was raised (Southern for being brought up by one's parents) where the train station, or depot, was the DEE-po.
Words that do not fit cannot be returned.
No one seems to know if these sports are played on a court with a net, against a wall, or both.
One difference is that other groups need to do so because in order to function they must either attach new meanings to existing words and phrases or coin new words and pharases.
Some American place names have a unique resonance about them--places like Maggie's Nipples, Wyoming, or Greasy Creek, Arkansas, Lickskillet, Kentucky, or Scroungeout, Alabama.
Despite their reputation for distrusting polyglots, it is by no means unusual for Englishmen to be bilingual.
Thus, once a pleasing motif has been discovered, the next least exerting is to reproduce it with a slight variation.
The Auld Alliance, a treaty of accord between France and Scotland, was born.
This is not to say that the Western tradition has a monopoly on Niceness.
Actually, the word quark is in the OED as a verb meaning `croak,' with 19th-century references to frogs, rooks, and herons.
Banquet is not nearly parquet,
A virgin forest is a forest in which the hand of man has never set foot .
These boxes come with wires (called  cables  in the trade because that sounds more impressive) that allow them to be connected to one another and into a power source.
Jones, referring to Sir William Johnson, commented,  He was loved, caressed, and almost adored by the Indians.
I have yet Room for six scotches more.
The major Italian guidebook to Rome soberly claims that this building has been nicknamed Il Colosseo Quadrato , `The Square Colosseum.
Caller says,  Thank you for taking my call.
Dr. Richards never stops astonishing us.
Its precursor was the now quite obsolete strangury (1398) `slow and painful urination.
It is a rocky area where a rancher named Lover hid among the boulders from people intent on killing him.
Via di Ripetta imperceptibly merges into Via della Scrofa `Street of the Sow,' named after another ancient sculpture that is still preserved there.
And rest easy, Miss Dalrymple, when I reedit speech scripts for print publication, I always revert to good old academically pure English usage.
Thus, on average, Webster's Ninth New Collegiate and the Random House Webster's College contain at least fifteen per cent more information per entry than American Heritage and Webster's New World.
There is a linguistic process in the evolution of our vocabulary that is not functioning with a high rate of efficiency.
A number of them might have been created by prisoners whose vocabularies were too small to accommodate the concepts, events, or situations named.
My sister once dated a strapping young man who was a diehard booster of the University of Iowa, the sports teams of which are called the Hawkeyes.
The English speech is already overburdened with outlandish words that ought never to have been taken in, and ought even now to be turned out.
John Burke (Alabama) reviews and analyzes other contemporary accounts and finds that Boswell's is not only the most accurate but that he uses it to demonstrate Johnson's character, whereas others were merely retailing literary gossip.
Inglish differs from English in five  words, expressions, grammar, pronunciation and rhythm.
One must be very cautious in proposing etymologies that attribute the origin of a word to playfulness or  they often turn out to be folk etymologies and totally empty of anything more than hollow speculation.
A month has passed since the election and still Republicans and Democrats are high-fiving.
Feisty, like fizzle, began as Middle English fysten, fisten `to fart.
While statement is better, answer gives the mental picture of completion.
Davidson should not adopt the pronunciation of scone to rhyme with `bone'--at any rate not because Victoria, where he lives, is  veddy English.
The average novel of 200,000 words for $25 works out at 8,000 words per dollar.
He called his mom as soon as the school bus dropped him off.
He didn't say a word.
He told his mom he had gotten home.
I havent spoken to him again.
I was so upset that I just started talking to him again.
We had a great talk.
I was not aware that I was not the only person to be at the field that day.
I was under the impression that I was the only one with that number at the AFFC Air Force Career field.
We all were given the same exact number no matter what privileges we were promised to be granted, it was all a lie.
I was never told anything about meeting anyone.
I was told a guy would be called in for me to meet.
The guy showed up a bit late.
I want to tell you everything I know about that!
I won't talk about that, even though there's a lot to cover.
I wont talk about the history of the city because there's too much to say.
I have never been to Washington so when I was assigned there I got lost trying to find the place.
I knew exactly what I needed to do as I marched to Washington.
I was not quite certain what I was going to do so I went to Washington where I was assigned to report.
We didn't care about saving anything.
We wanted to save one thing more than the rest.
We wanted to save the h-bomb because it was so hard to deal with.
He was the first to be invited and enjoyed the experience.
He wasn't allowed to attend.
He wasn't allowed to go to the museum's opening.
After I said yes, it ended.
I said no and it dragged on and on.
When I said yes, we decided that we would get married that day.
I am certain as to the reason why.
I don't know why he transferred schools.
I don't know why that happened.
I understood it well from the beginning.
I was trying to understand where the money went.
I was trying to understand.
Fannie Flono had to reschedule and is unable to tell us any stories today.
Fannie Flono is here and she is going to speak to us about her childhood stories from growing up in Augusta, GA.
Fannie Flono was able to speak to us today despite her busy schedule.
They continued to visit every day.
They didn't visit the family anymore.
They stopped visiting the family when the racial tensions started.
I dealt with the U2's.
I didn't' deal with the U2's at all.
I worked with the detachments for the U2's every day for forty years.
I didn't like being the only one to run the regulators for the tests.
Tests were done in the miniature altitude chambers.
There were a few of us who ran the regulators for the test.
I am still working to this day.
I retired in 2002.
Rick told you I was retired.
Granny's Sister was white and moved to Texas.
Granny's sister was not white.
Granny's sister wasn't white but she wanted to be so she could go to school.
The client named Cutty makes $10000 a month.
There is a client named Cutty.
We don't have any clients called Cutty.
The girl I need help from lives a ways away.
The girl who is going to help me is 5 miles away.
There is no one who can help me.
Santo lived in New York and worked on the high O2 regulator.
Santo specialized in fire safety because it was an issue that was dear to him.
Santo worked for Disney and operated the tea cups.
They all agreed that they'd all work in the fields.
They couldn't agree about who was a field hand and who belonged in the house.
They couldn't agree who should work in the cotton field and who should mop the floors.
His dad had never owned anything in his life.
His dad owned 2000 acres of farmland.
His dad owned a lot of property.
He has decided not to talk anymore.
He talks about three different submarines.
He talks about three things.
All of their children survived.
One child died out of the five.
The child who died was born sickly.
The U2 took a lot of film.
The U2 took a ton of film from under the water.
We had no footage, so we just had to guess.
As she told him to come up the porch she had tears in her eyes.
She quickly wiped away the tears after flinging Joe off the porch.
She was so happy to see Joe that she started to cry.
The radiation can be contained during a fire as well.
The radiation would leak out from a lead component after the aircraft burned.
The radiation would not leak out during a fire.
I didn't have a job so I just kept all the boxes at home.
I shipped the boxes to Japan.
I shipped them out.
I made sure the buckle was on tight so I would be safe.
That is exactly how I was unhooked.
That is precisely how I was fastened in.
The Chief is retired from the US Air Force.
The Chief just recently retired a few weeks ago.
The US Air Force Chief just started his career this week.
More than one aircraft arrive every week.
The increased aircraft traffic is troublesome.
There are never any aircraft arriving.
It takes up to three months to complete training on the use of a full pressure suit.
Training to use a full pressure suit takes time.
We could have you trained to use a full pressure suit by the end of the day.
He was so faithful and nice.
I hated him because he was so arrogant.
I wasn't a fan of his.
All of the instruments in the aircraft were intact.
It was difficult to get him out.
There were instruments in the aircraft that melted.
Alas, she was not able to understand clearly due to a language barrier.
Indeed, she did not comprehend.
She knew exactly what we were talking about.
The bomb had been deactivated by the pilot.
The bomb had no chance of exploding.
There was a great danger of the bomb exploding.
I'm not sure what this looks like to you.
I'm trying to do this, obviously.
I'm trying to finish my project in the next week.
The goats escaped from the barn every day.
The goats escaped often.
The goats were kept safe and secure.
I didn't hear her when she told everyone else.
I heard everything she said.
I was talking to someone else at the time.
All of the doors were open.
We had the keys with us.
We went in even though the doors were locked.
A couple of aircraft got lost because of the weather.
A couple of aircraft were lost.
We've never lost an aircraft.
I don't need any help.
It is a big job that I need done.
There is something I need done.
I feel confident that the totals are all I need to get this figured out.
I have no clue what to do with just the totals please give me more details to figure out this mess.
I will calculate it based off of the totals.
He was so excited and bursting with joy that he practically knocked the door off it's frame.
He was trying not to make us feel guilty but we knew we had caused him trouble.
Just by the look on his face when he came through the door I just knew that he was let down.
I dont have a particular store.
I have 1 specific store.
There are a lot of stores.
It flies over 20,000 miles an hour.
It only travels 10,000 miles an hour.
The jet flies 20,000 miles an hour.
Rudolph Anderson was nowhere to be found, so we only had one U2's.
Rudolph Anderson was part of three U2's.
We were blessed to have Rudolph Anderson help with the U2's.
He gets a lot of help.
He gets help with his meals and clothes.
He is very independent.
She was gone without a trace.
She was still in the vicinity.
We thought she left but she remained.
Ramona was on the floor curled up in a fetal position.
Ramona was silently judging me.
Ramona was upright while I was there in awe.
I don't need to deal with that.
I will look through this.
I'll look through these reports.
She ate a lot of food, but still kept her weight down.
She did not weigh much at all.
She was very happy.
We were supposed to look at the flying plane.
We were supposed to look at what was flying.
We were told not to look outside.
He was too afraid to burn anything so he just flushed it.
He would burn the paper.
He would write a dream on the paper and then burn it.
He continued to live in Augusta even after the attacks.
He continued to live in Augusta.
He moved outside of Augusta right away.
I never asked where they were going.
They always let us know where they were and where they were going.
They never told us where they were going.
Ramona has lived in Concord all her life.
Ramona has never been to Concord.
Ramona is located in Concord.
I was in Special Activities for years.
I've never had a job.
My favorite job was in Special Activities.
They won't pay for anything forus.
They're paying for housing for me and my siblings.
They're paying for housing.
Kennedy told our troops to look for missiles.
They didn't stop any ships because they didn't want conflict.
They found 20 missiles on the ship.
The man entered the courtroom.
The man entered the room.
The man ran the other way.
It took a long time to drive to my grandparent's house.
My grandparents were a very loving couple.
My grandparents were always very cranky and we never liked going to their house.
I didn't remember it at all.
That's probably the reason I remembered his name.
That's probably why I recalled that.
It makes you feel great.
It makes you feel horrible.
You feel better after an hour.
You can go home if you want to.
You can leave.
You need to stay in that exact spot!
I could have finished entering it in later.
I entered it in all on time.
I ran out of time to enter it all in.
The atomic bomb has no trigger.
The trigger detonates the bomb when it's pulled.
You only need a tiny bit of force to pull the atomic bomb trigger.
I always enjoyed listening to my grandmother's stories.
My grandmother always refused to talk about her childhood.
My grandmother told me lots of stuff about her family during the time that she was growing up.
Our suits were nothing like what the astronauts had.
Our suits were the same as the astronauts except to reflect heat, ours were silver.
You can get the suits in any color you want.
My grandpa was a jerk.
My grandpa was really racist and mean.
My grandpa was the nicest guy you'll ever meet!
We had no training with anyone.
We trained for 5 weeks with the British.
We trained with a lot of other soldiers.
She didn't speak to me.
She told me to look something up.
She told me to look up their financing information.
He said the made a few stops along the way.
He said they went down South.
He said they went up North.
It was a relaxing day.
It was really scary when the tornado came into town.
That day really scared me.
It kept getting faster.
It seemed to take forever.
The speed was making me nervous.
General May and the pilots had a great time visiting the office.
General May never went to President Kennedy's office.
This is General May and three U2 pilots at President Kennedy's office.
I can't drink milk.
I would like a glass of chocolate milk.
I'd love to drink some chocolate milk and relax a bit since I know i messed up.
You can continue after you enter everything.
You can continue once you enter the information into the database.
You should stop right now.
I haven't read any books longer than 100 pages.
I haven't read many books.
I read books every day.
I left the bag and figured it wasn't my problem.
I took the bag to his apartment.
I took the bag to where it belonged.
Her mood stayed completely consistent.
She went from happy to sad.
The mood changed a lot.
I was not chosen to attend the school.
I was picked to go to that school.
I was the most credible candidate.
Most people fail tests and never get to fly U2s.
They have to go through a lot of training before they fly U2's.
They just let you fly U2s on the first day.
I think about it often.
It's nothing you would want to think about.
It's something to think about.
I cover completely new material.
I cover the same stuff as the other magazines.
I'm talking about the same things they did.
Military units aren't allowed to be TX Ambassadors.
The military unit was named TX Ambassadors to the US Congress.
The military unit was named TX Ambassadors.
I could do something.
I knew there was nothing i could do.
I think I could have done something to save him.
She always encouraged her sister.
She made it clear that her sister couldn't do anything right.
She was very critical of her sister.
Everyone in the house was moping because they missed Joe so much.
Everyone was so happy!
Joe died and it was really depressing.
I borrowed her phone to make the call.
I called the number when I arrived at her house.
I was supposed to call, but I didn't.
I didn't go today so I didn't see him.
I showed up at the gym today and he came in later and said hi.
I showed up this morning and he came, too.
We didn't know where the group was traveling on the interstate.
We didn't know where the people were traveling to.
we knew just where they were headed.
I had no appetite at all.
I was hungry so i decided to eat my lunch.
I was starving so I went to the cafeteria.
We had to take it apart and reassemble it.
We had to take the jets apart and then put them back together.
We weren't allowed to touch it at all.
I almost ended up quitting.
I had taken so much grief from them that I couldn't take it any more.
It never entered my mind to quit.
I couldn't wait to go into the Third SS.
I don't want to be part of the Third SS.
The Third SS is the worst possible squadron.
It was a tropical rainforest.
There was a lot of scrubbby foilage in the area.
There were tumbleweeds blowing across the runway.
He was born before 1900.
He was born in december of 1880.
He wasn't born until 1984.
That screw can hurt someone's lungs.
The screw carries no risks, so tighten it as much as you want.
The screw goes into the trachea and can hurt the lungs.
I got sent to Del Rio, Texas for work.
I have never been to texas.
The Air Force sent me to Del Rio, Tx in 2001.
The kids drank 3 bottles of champagne.
The kids drank some of the champagne.
The whole party was dry and no alcohol was served.
I haven't heard any stories.
There are a lot of stories about the military.
There are a lot of stories that get told.
I don't know anything about testing aircraft.
Testing aircraft teaches you a lot of lessons.
Testing aircraft teaches you how to handle pressure.
I don't understand the point.
I think the point was to tell us how dangerous it was.
I understood the point.
All of the planes survived without being shot at.
Something was shot down over Cuba.
The huge airliner was shot down over Cuba in May.
I was worried because I didn't know what time.
I was worried that I would miss the show because I didn't know what time it was.
I wasn't worried at all, it would happen when it happened.
I don't really have any memories of my childhood.
I still feel bad to this day.
It was one of my earliest memories.
It was hard to be black in the south.
It was so easy to be black!
It wsa hard to be black back then.
He is a Greek man who speaks no English.
He is a Greek man.
He's from Ireland.
I did not bother to call Ramona.
I never got a chance to ask the question.
I wanted to ask Ramona a question.
Everyone knew exactly where they were going.
No one knew what house they went into.
Their destination was a secret.
People had no clue that they weren't white people.
People were aware that they were African American.
People were aware that they weren't white.
The guy is present.
The guy just showed up 2 minutes ago.
The guy never came here.
We didnt own a tv.
We were looking at the TV.
We were watching the TV news.
I have never talked to Ramona.
I talked to Ramona another time.
It was an enjoyable conversation.
I didn't even try to do it.
I was trying to accomplish something.
I was trying to finish my poster for class and the new markers helped.
I'm not able to do it on my own.
There are plenty of people to help me there.
There isn't anyone in that place to assist me.
10000 people died in the Cuban Crisis.
Only one person died in the Cuban Crisis.
Only one person was killed in a crash in the Cuban Crisis.
She said she was totally clueless.
She said that she knew more about life.
She told me I didn't have a clue how the real world worked and I should follow her.
I don't know how I was supposed to use the contraption.
I don't know what I was supposed to use it for.
I knew just what to use it for!
The CIA brought the film to the UN.
The CIA kept the film for themselves.
The CIA thought the UN needed to see the film right away.
I told him I didn't want to hear anything else.
I told him I needed more info to decide what to do with the job.
I told him I needed more information.
I am ready to go right now.
I need a minute here.
I need a minute to collect my thoughts.
I have never been to Washington DC.
I went to DC to see my supervisor.
I went to the nation's capital.
I didn't finish college.
I finished college with honors.
I flunked out of college in 2002.
She had incredibly dark skin.
She had light skin for an African-American person.
She was lighter than the rest of her black friends.
Dad got me some chocolate milk from the fridge.
Dad poured me a glass of milk.
Dad said I wasn't allowed to have a drink.
The DOT was able to find a different property that they could rent instead.
The property and equipment was purchased by the DOT.
The property cost more than three million dollars for the DOT to purchase.
SHe moved to Texas and never saw her sister again.
She never saw her sister after that.
She saw her sister every day.
Granny stayed on the porch.
Granny walked 100 feet from the house.
Granny walked away from the house.
He was supposed to be born on December 2010.
He was supposed to be born.
He wasn't supposed to be born.
I don't want to talk about my parents.
I'll tell you about my father's experience as an immigrant.
I'll tell you what happened when my dad moved here from Mexico.
I told them I didn't know what I was doing.
I told them I knew I had beat their expectations by 40%.
I told them I know what i've achieved.
Can you hear me right now?
Can you hear what I'm saying?
I know you can't hear me.
It was all very urban.
Most of the area was full of cheap houses.
Most of the area was suburbia.
I am doing what I'm required to do today.
I'm doing the important jobs that I was assigned this morning.
I'm not going to bother doing this stuff.
DId you like Harry Potter books or no?
Did you like or hate certain books?
I know you loved every book you read.
They lived in a white house on Broad Street.
They lived on Broad Street.
They lived on Main street in a tent.
The screw affects the pressure.
The screw is tiny and silver.
There are no screws, just buttons.
She told me i needed to hurry up right away.
She told me it was fine if it took me hours to do it.
She told me just to slow down.
Kennedy didnt acknowldge them.
Kennedy spoke to the Air Force pilots.
Kennedy talked to the pilots.
I told him I would be done in 10 minutes.
I told him I'd never finish.
I told them i was almost finished.
I aimed to write things down.
I didn't bother to write anything down.
I wrote down every work she said.
She was born January 1, 1900.
She was born at the turn of the century
She wasn't born until 1943.
The trigger makes it explode.
The trigger makes the bomb explode..
There's no trigger to pull.
I was very interested in how much I could eat.
I wasn't interested at all.
It was interesting to me.
Her sister had the fairest skin of anyone in the neighborhood.
Her sister was usually assumed to be white.
Sher sister was very dark.
He was 27 years older than her.
He was much younger than her.
He was older than her.
No one gave any sort of support.
One man gave physiological support to the troops.
One man gave physiological support.
I knew he wasn't going to come here at all.
I thought he was coming here to fight.
I thought he was going to complain about my tone.
It's ok if we made a few errors.
We were not allowed to make a mistake.
We weren't allowed to spell anything incorrectly.
I had trouble sleeping at night.
I kept having bad dreams that kept me from sleeping.
I sleep like a baby at night!
She could defend herself against wild dogs.
She could defend herself well.
She was incredibly vulnerable.
He told he everything i needed to know
I wasn't told anything about the safety protocol.
Sometimes I'm not told.
Our home was around here.
Our home was far from this place.
Our home was two blocks away.
He is speaking as slowly as he can.
He's talking on an iPhone.
He's talking on his cell phone.
I was really relaxed about starting school.
I was worried about going to school
I was worried about starting Kindergarten
They said she couldn't go anywhere yet
They told her she had to sleep with the man.
They told her to leave with the man.
I lived in Texas.
I lived in a yellow house in Missouri.
I was in Missouri.
Our dad said not to call them animals.
Our dad said they were animals.
Our dad said they were creatures, not animals.
The Laughlin Air Force Base closed for a while.
The Laughlin Air Force Base has always stayed open.
The Laughlin Air Force Base is home to 10,000 soldiers.
I know you aren't obsessed with it.
I think you should change your mind and be very interested in this!
I'm not worried if you don't know anything about it.
I don't care which color you choose.
I need to approave every deal.
I'm not interested in how you finish it.
I called Ramona over to my house.
I called Ramona over to where I was.
I ignored Ramona.
I don't understand why he expected me to finish the drawing today
I don't understand why he thought i would finish it.
I know he knew I wouldn't finish this tonight.
The Air Force bought 18 planes.
The Air Force bought planes.
The Air Force didn't have any planes.
Her sister is married to a black man.
Her sister is married.
Her sister is single.
She didn't change her behavior at all.
She never admitted that she was wrong.
She never said that she was right about the meatloaf.
I didn't see it.
I didn't see what the person was doing on Monday.
I saw every bit of it!
I like my uncle a lot.
My uncle is such a jerk!
My uncle is very generous.
My brother in law was in the army.
My brother in law was in the service.
My brother never enlisted.
I thought I was going to led someone else go instead.
I thought I was going to let someone take my place in the meeting.
I wasn't going to let anyone else go.
They told me I should stay home.
They told me to grab my bags.
They told me to pick up by white suitcase.
He changes his mind a lot.
He changes his mind because he doesn't know what he's doing.
He is very consistent and calm.
We couldn't tell anyone the U2 had landed.
We told everyone all about it.
We weren't allowed to talk about the U2.
He asked how things were going.
He asked if we were finishing the documentary.
He didn't speak to us at all.
I hurried and got it over with quickly.
I sat there for two hours.
I spun my wheel for a long time.
I didn't know she almost died of TB.
I didn't know she had TB.
I knew she was very sick with TB.
Counter pressure kills you every time.
You need counter pressure above 5000 feet.
You need to have counter pressure at that altitude.
No changes would occur in your skin.
your hand could change size if it was exposed outside of the suit.
your hand would grow a ton if you were on the moon and you stuck it out of the suit.
I know there's no reason she wouldn't tell you.
Why wouldn't she tell you about it?
Why wouldn't she tell you about the baby?
He never visited his family.
He stayed in Brooklynn with his family.
He stayed with them in New York.
I never got training so I just figured it out as i went along.
Two guys trained me to work at that store.
Two guys trained me.
She didn't mention if she was going to return or not.
She said she was going to return later.
She said she'd come back to the office with lunch.
We didn't know what the heck a u2 was.
We didn't know what to call the thing we saw in the air.
We knew all about the U2!
The regulator was worthless.
The regulator would change the pressure of everything in your suit.
You'd have to tinker with the regulator.
I had set the injector on Tuesday.
I was a 922.
I was never a 922.
She didn't understand that she was stuck with the guy forever even though she'd never met him.
She didn't understand what had happened.
She knew what she was getting into.
We would enter there at 8pm.
We would enter.
We would never go in.
She treated everyone the same.
She treated the other grandchildren differently.
She treated the other grandkids differently because they were black.
The dress was billowing in the wind.
The dress was very short and blew around a bit.
There was no wind so the dress was still.
I was in Special Activities every other day.
I was in Special Activities.
I was never in Special Activities.
I asked how urgent it was.
I knew the work needed to be done right now.
i asked if the client would be mad if it waited until 2pm because i had an appointment tonight.
They had twenty family members living in Evans.
They lived in Atlanta.
They lived in Evans which is very small.
My sister said I was racist.
My sister said I wasn't always nice.
My siter said I was nothing like my granny.
We moved to a house we had built in the country.
We relocated to a new residence.
We stayed in the same house our whole lives.
My grandma was born 10 years after the turn of the century.
My grandma was born in 1899.
My grandma was born on july 1, 1910.
I said I hated it and disapproved greatly.
I said I like the new version of the song.
I said that I approved of it.
The paint changes according to color.
The paint changes so you can tell how hot it is without measuring it.
the paint is always black.
I ate the pizza in less than two minutes.
I ate very slowly so i wouldn't get sick.
I scarfed the food down.
Did he remain in Augusta?
Did he stay in Augusta after the riot?
I know he left Augusta immediately.
Her brother in law was light colored.
her brother in law was swedish.
her sister wasn't married.
I don't remember how many we had.
I don't remember how many workers we had.
I know the exact numbers for everything
They invented a new regulator.
They invented a regulator that worked in space.
They still couldn't figure out how to make a high O2 regulator.
I have never been to Los Vegas in my life.
I have worked in both Las Vegas and Washington.
I worked as a cab driver in both of these cities.
I hated every bit of school!
I liked fourth grade because we had two recesses.
I liked fourth grade.
The page is just  one list of numbers.
The tabs have a lot of data.
The tabs show the current balance of every account.
I decided to come home at lunch and take the rest of the day off.
I didnt do anything significant after 6:30 today.
I spent most of the day dealing with a complicated customer billing issue.
I don't care if you do it yourself or hire it out.
I don't care what your method is.
I need to know exactly how you will do this.
She kept talking to her coworkers about the guy running away.
She kept talking.
She stayed silent and looked down at her desk.
They built a house on Mallard Creek.
They never moved to Charlotte.
They then lived in Mallard Creek.
If there is a surge of electricity, it's very dangerous to anyone around.
If there is a surge, there is a noise that accompanies it.
It will only surge once.
His dad was a Lutheran pastor.
His dad was a convict who never went to church.
His dad was a pastor.
I have all the information I could ever need.
I need more information to decide what kind of car to purchase.
I need to gather more information about this thing.
I didn't know if he wanted information about the travel times.
I gave him every detail because I knew he wanted it.
I wasn't sure how in depth it should be.
He said he would call once he got home.
He said he'd return the call.
He said they were done speaking.
They asked me why I had gone there.
They asked why I went to the store.
They asked why I'd stayed home.
They don't have any of the files.
They keep all the files.
They keep the medical and legal files all together.
She gave me two different versions.
She gave me two types of instructions and i prefered the detailed ones.
She only gave me one version and it was just a few lines lone.
Augusta has 10,000 people in it.
Augusta isn't a large city.
They lived in the heart of Augusta.
I was told to go to DC.
The army sent me to DC right away.
They told me to go to Africa.
Our house in Concord couldn't allow animals.
Our house in Concord had 30000 acres and lots of animals.
We sold all our animals when we moved to Concord.
We deployed our forces in 1968.
We never ended up deploying anyone.
We sent our troops to Japan in June 1968.
He said I could turn it in whenever.
He told me I had to finish the whole project by 2pm.
He told me it was urgent.
She said I should just assume the school would be fine.
She said I shouldn't fret.
She said it was time to panic.
You are in danger.
You'll be just fine!
You're in danger of being deported.
My mom had to pick cotton and corn.
My mom was the golden child so she didn't have to work.
My mother had to work outside.
Joe was the only person who had a key to the break room.
No mater how hard we tried we just couldnt get Joe to leave us alone.
One day Joe was just gone and nobody could figure out where he went.
I blamed it on my sister.
I said it was mine.
I told them the dog belonged to my sister.
She said her mom also walks on her tip toes.
She said her mom has the same walk.
She said her mom is paralyzed and can't walk.
I didn't need any preparation.
I had to learn how to complete the obstacle course.
I had to start preparing.
I didn't know she'd get very sick.
I didn't know what would happen to her.
I knew what was going to happen when she did that.
I refused to sit down again.
I returned to my seat.
I went back and sat down because my boss told me to.
I have no memories of that house.
I remembered picking daisies in the backyard.
I remembered something that happened in the backyard.
If anyone learned the information, they'd be jailed.
It was public information.
It was very classified.
I did not know how to do the job I was assigned today.
I was told to replace the office fuse box, but I know nothing about electrical wiring.
Today I was asked to perform only duties that I am well trained to perform.
He says he can get it whenever.
He says he would like to get it today.
He says he would like to get the final project by 5pm.
We moved another time.
We moved to yet another state in 1992.
We never moved after that.
They had been captured at some point but wanted to escape.
They had been detained in relation to a recent robbery.
They were all terrified of being released from custody.
I found it in just a few seconds.
It took me a long time because the book was really thick and confusing.
It took me a while to find it.
Pilots get tested in altitude chambers.
Pilots have to be tested in altitude chambers about 20 times a month.
The altitude chamber has been discontinued.
I had seen Mrs. Faulk a few times but did not know her well.
I was very close friends with Mrs. Faulk.
Mrs. Faulk drove a yellow Honda to work every day.
They left Augusta and went to Atlanta.
They went downtown to the main street.
They went to the street with the most restaurants and bars.
We lived there in the green house.
We lived there many years.
We only lived there two weeks.
I did it without any errors.
I made a mistake when i sent in the forms.
I made a mistake.
He was moody.
My boss was either really happy or really mad.
My boss was mellow and consistent.
She had no idea where to look.
She told me the folders would be on the desktop.
She told me where to search.
He's 27 years older than me.
He's much younger than I am.
He's older than me.
I don't know how long it lasts.
I don't know how long the story is running.
I know it's 4 feet long.
I was so happy and relaxed!
I was too anxious to be happy that she had arrived a day earlier.
I was too anxious to be happy that she was there.
The mothers are drug addicts.
The mothers aren't on any prescriptions or drugs.
The mothers take drugs.
I do not mind the rain.
It is nice and rainy.
It is so horrible with the never ending sunshine.
All lives are worth rehab and second chances.
No humans deserve to be rehabilitated.
Regardless of rehabilitation what life is worth it.
I've never seen this kind of wiring problem before.
The wiring isn't the issue.
There's a problem caused by this odd wiring.
I'm not at all surprised that they were leinient.
I'm surprised that they let you take food and drinks in there.
I'm surprised what they could get away with.
It costs $2000 to buy everything you need.
It costs a lot to outfit yourself.
It's really cheap to get outfitted.
Despite its name, Snake River doesn't actually contain any snakes; it's named for its S-shape.
Snake River has lots of snapping turtles.
Snake River is filled with snakes.
I do have a credit union I go to.
I visit my credit union frequently.
What's a credit union?
I think you have to devote 10 hours a day to be good at it.
I think you need to be devoted to it to do well.
It's fine if you don't really take it seriously.
I do not need to because my children are over the age of twenty.
I might have to since they are close in age.
I must since they are both ten and eleven years old.
I was born in Fresno.
I'm not sure where this is.
I'm telling you that this is Fresno.
Yeah, people who might not be able to make the best judgment calls.
Yeah, people who might not be hungry.
Yeah, people whose decision faculties are never impaired.
They have been touring since before 1970.
They love touring.
They recently ended their tour.
Can you explain how you'd perform aerobics?
I'm interested in aerobics because I need some cardiovascular activity.
Please stop talking about aerobics.
I just know it will be so boring and not worth changing those that represent us so we should not even try to change.
I think it will be challenging to change our representatives but worthwhile in the end.
We have to make changes to those that represent us.
That's a dumb idea I discarded last week.
That's a good point.
The paradox you mention is a good point.
They become hardened and cold once they complete the training.
They change rapidly while undergoing training.
When they undergo training they can be quite pleasant.
The day care is open every day for children under the age of five only.
They do let them go more than twice a week if the senior citizens are up to it.
They refer to it as a senior day care but it is called the senior center.
I think it's crazy that one lawsuit can go on so many years.
I think it's nuts that it can last so long.
It only lasts a week.
That is what they had been striving for.
That was never what they wanted.
They achieved their goal.
Half of all gun misfires result from single-hand use.
The best way forward for gun control is to use both feet.
Use both hands if you want to practice gun control.
I do not know where it comes from but it is swift.
It comes by fast but I kinda know where it may be coming from.
It comes like molasses and I know exactly when it will be coming.
Correct the one you had was cordless.
The one you had was definitely a corded version only.
You might have had one with an optional cord.
I don't know much about it.
I'm ignorant in matters of love.
I've been studying it for years.
I think she knows that she was awesome.
No she was horrible.
Yes she was very good.
Are you saying the students or the teacher's aide did it?
Is it the teachers or the parents?
What are you implying about the parents and the teachers?
He suggested buying a vacuum.
He suggested finding a mop.
He wanted to clean up the blood with a mop.
The shooting was at least 100 miles from where I live.
The shooting was close to my house and it makes me scared to go outside.
There was a shooting close to my home, it is really not good in this area.
I am thinking of looking at a V6.
I think a V6 is the best way to go.
I would never consider a V6.
I disagree with you, it is very consistent.
I think you may be correct about its consistency.
You are correct about it not be consistent.
I am strongly against drug testing, there is no doubt in my mind about it.
I guess I would be fine with being drug tested.
I think so but I have not gone through my emotions with regards to drug testing.
I am attempting to hang on.
I really am doing my best.
I will let go and never look back.
Is your puppy a good boy?
What kind of cat did you rescue?
What kind of young dog do you have?
How many children do you have?
I am sorry to hear that you were not able to have children.
You stated you have children, what are their ages?
They may not have been the smartest but they were very friendly and were interested in those that study.
They were really smart but played dumb when around others they did not know very well.
They were the beyond brilliant but detested anyone that put effort into studying.
The skunk was waiting for us to return to the camp site.
We found a goat at the camp site after we had already turned out the lights.
When we came back from an event we found a skunk.
He has learned from the older male children but all of my offspring outshine.
I am very proud of how much my children know.
My kids are truly idiotic.
People constraining the amount of garbage is closer to the issue than the weight of the actual garbage.
People do not need to worry about the amount of garbage as long as they dispose of it properly.
People need to consider both the volume and the weight of the garbage they are producing.
Concerned about the local places being affected by national news.
I could care less what the national news covers with concerns about our local areas.
The national news outlets make our local places seem backwards.
Do not worry, if there is a mistake I will help take the blame.
If there is an error it belongs to you.
If you made a mistake you should take ownership of it.
The seams are done in a very skillful way.
The seams were done in a rush and look very sloppy.
They took a long time to finish the seams.
Your time keeps increasing every year.
Your time never goes above three days.
Your vacation time increases at the city jobs.
Being in the country makes you live in constant fear of things just like that.
What is great about being in the country is you do not have to fret over things like that.
What is really swell is in the country you do not have to worry about that like you would in a city.
That seems like either a lot of fun or rrally boring.
That sounds like a great adventure.
That sounds like an awful experience.
I don't dress up when I work at home.
I don't wear anything other than sweats when I work at home.
I still wear dresses when I'm working at home because I feel fancier.
Currently I have a sibling residing in Germany.
I have a sister that is right now in Cuba.
I have a sister that speaks German.
I might be able to get my daughter there.
It is a little harder for me to get my daughter there.
My daughter has her own way to get there now that she can drive.
I hope you have a miserable summer break.
Indeed summer will be here soon.
Yes, have a pleasant summer.
Having a place to live is a dream come true.
I don't really care if i have a place to live.
It's nice to have a place to live.
It would be easy to find out if the corporation was financed.
It would make me angry to find out that they had financed the corporation.
It wouldn't bother me if the corporation was financed.
Actually we do not consider ourselves to be naturalists.
We are totally true naturalists and are insulted to be thought of otherwise!
We would like to someday strive to be naturalists but right now we are not.
A bunch of would get together and clean up trash from the street.
I used to help my grandparents with picking up cans from the road.
We used to go party at my dad's house.
Apparently this is not your first time with a dog.
I am sorry I did not know this was your first time ever seeing a dog.
This is not your first time handling a domesticated animal.
You can just tell me the end of the story.
You don't have to do the whole thing.
You need to go through the whole thing.
I do not live on campus.
I live a few block away from campus.
I live on campus.
The connections around here are sometimes okay.
We do not get good connections here.
We have the best connections around here.
A man killed his ex wife for sleeping with another guy after being freed from a prior charge.
A man was freed from the charge due to technical glitch and went and killed his ex.
The wife made sure her ex was locked away for lifetime.
I can not stand the Black Eyed Pea.
I might check out the Black Eyed Pea later.
The Black Eyed Pea is likable, I think its corporate.
I have nothing that I could compare it too.
Is that the same thing as match savings
Match savings would be the same thing.
I am not sure if you have heard of Will Point.
I heard its from Wills Point.
It's from Cambridge.
I Do not eat any kind of meat.
I have ate unusual animals before such as turtle, raccoon and possum.
I have tried many different types of animals for food.
It only landed on the ground so my shoes stayed clean.
It was annoying when it covered my shoes.
My shoes were covered with it.
Traveling is my favorite part of it.
Traveling is one perk we get.
We don't get any benefits.
I can not stand the officer idea.
I think the idea of the officer thing is great.
Other people think the officer thing is a great idea.
It sounds like it would look great.
It was very easy to notice.
The design was horrible.
It's hard to load up the paper, glass and can after separating them into their own container.
The paper is the first to get full then cans, then glass.
WSe do not separate anything, we throw it all in one bag.
Locust Hill is the best.
No, not Locust Hill.
Yes, that is right, Locust Hill.
Bermuda lawns are too much work.
Bermuda lawns can be made to look like golf course greens.
You only have water Bermuda lawns occasionally.
A six pack is about 30 cents cheaper across the border.
Most people cross the border in order to get the drinks cheaper.
The bottles are more expensive on the other side of the border.
I have heard it is not good.
It is horrible.
It's not bad at all.
He is definitely loud enough for me to hear.
I can't hear him.
I think I hear him.
No, I think that is insane and highly irrational.
Yes, it was very acceptable.
Yes, we acknowledge that it was difficult but nonetheless came out pretty well in the end.
We go to the cottage for a couple of days.
We go to the cottage in Minnesota.
We have never been to the cottage.
Ten percent tax is too much to pay.
You always have to add ten percent tax to whatever you're buying when you are figuring out the cost.
You never have to figure out the tax in order to determine cost.
I do not like the company she is with.
She did not flatter me at all.
She made me feel good until I found out who she was with.
Did you read The Firm?
Have you read The Soft?
Would you like to borrow my copy of The Firm to read?
She loved the surprise party.
We didnt do anything for her birthday.
We threw a surprise birthday for her.
It is not all tha common.
It's just like it is every day.
It's unusual for the people to look like that.
I hope she does what she is planning to do.
It will be great for her if she does what she plans to do.
She has no plans to do that.
Gun control is probably not popular in Texas.
I don't think gun control would upset people in Texas.
Texas should have stronger gun control laws.
She is willing to sit or play with anybody.
She normally plays poker or blackjack, but will sometimes play scrabble.
She refuses to sit next to anybody who she does not already know.
Far from the truth the laws are old and outdated.
Indeed it is but the regulations took a long time to become a reality.
Precisely, though with the new regulations it is more difficult now.
People will work if they have opportunity.
That might cause crime to increase.
That will cause a decrease in crime.
He broke all the rules.
He followed every rule and still got kicked out.
He should have followed the rules.
There is no doubt in my mind that it will happen very soon.
Truthfully it does not look like it could happen.
Yes I do not think it could happen but there is always hope that it will.
Buffalo has the best team overall.
One of the two teams that Chicago lost to is Buffalo.
Washington has lost every game.
Clothing is tax-free.
The sales tax is too high.
There is sales tax on clothing.
I do like the vibe myself.
I do not like the negative energy this place gives off.
I feel pretty safe here which is why I like it.
Most of their stuff broke at the same time.
None of their stuff broke.
Some of the broken stuff was valuable.
I have many children.
I have one child, an eighteen-month-old daughter.
I would like to have more children.
She didny have any puppies.
The male had a tooth issue and the second puppy was from the litter.
There was a total of 8 in the litter only the male had teeth issues.
Do you like different types of food?
I hear you say you don't like trying new foods.
You must enjoy trying different ethnic foods.
That is where you are calling from?
You are calling from a long distance.
You are not calling from there.
Do you think that the local newspapers are not interested in what the citizens have to say?
What do you think about national newspapers and their global coverage?
What is your opinion on how the papers treat the local news?
I don't wear dress clothes often.
I enjoy getting dressed up.
I wear dress clothes all the time.
It would be worth it to work for a larger company if they gave me money for college.
No companies help with education costs no matter how large or small.
Sometimes larger companies help you pay for education.
Why don't you explain your book to us all.
Why don't you go first.
You should go last because you don't know anything.
Are you happy with network news coverage?
I guess you don't ever watch network news.
I think the networks spin the news to make you think what they want you to think.
Did you visit any European museums?
Did you visit any museums in Canada?
I bet you loved visiting Europe.
Does your husband like your t-shirt?
What does your sister think about your dress?
Your t-shirt is very nice.
It got voted down because people didn't want to get out and vote.
It lost by not very many votes.
It passed by a 99% margin.
The hay horse races are fun.
There are hay horse races at the tracks at Oaklawn.
There are no races at Oaklawn tracks.
They are not very good in rural areas.
They are really good in urban areas.
They are very good in both urban and rural areas.
They were made out of a cheaper metal.
They were made out of pure copper.
They were very flimsy pans.
They are easy to slide through.
They go in the opening.
They go in the trash.
Could the interest be more than 20?
Is the interest percent 20?
There is no interest.
I was just a little bit scared.
I was still scared.
It didn't scare me.
Robbers don't like dogs because they are loud and often bite them.
Robbers don't like dogs.
Robbers know dogs will be quiet soon.
I don't like funny shows.
I like watching funny shows.
I may have to watch this new comedy show.
I also look at what is affordable to them.
I don't care about what they can afford.
They can not usually afford too much.
I am not quite sure but perhaps it is so.
I do not recall completely since I drank quite a bit of wine last night.
My memory is crystal clear of what happened that night.
Do you feel death may be a little to harsh of a punishment for theft?
You think that the right punishment for someone who steals a TV is death.
You think the best option for tv theft is too just let them go.
I really love the beach because of how clean and well kept it is.
One of my favorite places to visit is the beach since it is so pretty, what is your favorite place to visit?
The best place to go in my opinion is to camp out in the woods.
Do not put any ads up.
Put a soft drink ad up.
Put an ad for Coke in there.
I hope you have a great morning! It was nice chatting with you online.
I think I know why I'm not well but I do not want to tell you.
I'm not certain but I'm kinda fine, it was nice to speak with you tonight.
Do you think that a five day holding period would be worth the wait for some people?
What about having a five day hold on those looking to purchase firearms?
What about having them just wait five minutes outside before being handed a permit?
I much rather a lazy indoor dog than an active one that would want to be outdoors all day long.
I really like all types of outdoor dogs since they are all good boys.
I think I preferred outdoor dogs like the Cocker Spaniel I used to have.
The background check cannot get done that quickly.
The background check will take over a month.
They will supposedly do a background check over the next seven days.
Flying would be a lot safer to get there.
I can't wait to get off the plane and enjoy myself once we get there.
I would never fly.
I was wrong that juries are always twelve people.
The jury is always 13 people.
They can pick however many people they want on the jury.
Grand Rapids is a beautiful place.
We don't have a son.
We went to Grand Rapids to see our son graduate.
She didn't care at all about credit unions.
She was interested in credit unions.
She was interested in learning more about how credit unions made their money.
All I see are people sitting and talking about their problems.
Only a few people will actually talk about issues they are having.
People never seem to just sit and talk about their problems and worries.
Did you attend the camp about wilderness?
Did you go to the indoor camp?
I thought you went to the camp.
It is slowly getting worse.
It seems to be getting worse.
It's getting better.
How are you Mary?
How is your day going?
Plano, Texas is an awesome place.
Chaos is all you get from it.
It is very calm and doesn't cause any problems.
Some people like the chaos it creates.
I have already seen Darkman about 4 times.
I haven't seen Darkman yet so I decided to get it to watch tonight.
I heard that Darkman was a good movie.
I have been reading since I can remember.
I was an English major so I like reading.
I was an English major that led me to poverty which is why I cannot stand to touch a single novel.
He stole the parrot.
I could not believe he paid $1800 for a parrot.
The parrot was beautiful with multiple colors.
Having a yard is not all fun and games but I do enjoy it.
I do not wish to lose it but that is what could happen when you own a yard.
When you own your own piece of land you have nothing to lose anymore.
After they tell you what to do, you go ahead and do it yourself.
They don't tell you how to do it at all.
They give decent instructions on how to go about it.
Minorities may have the upper advantage in this case.
Unfortunately, you are stuck being a minority.
You are not a minority.
I like the coverage it has because I never have time to sit and read the paper.
I take at least an hour a day to read the paper just so I dont have to watch it.
They cover a lot more than you will get from the paper.
It has nothing to do with anyone involved in the legal system.
It's everyone involved in the legal system.
Most of the legal system is involved, a majority being that of police.
I am not a rap fan but I do like some of the songs they have.
I love rap but their songs are horrible.
They had a few number one hits.
From what I have come across it sounds like accomplishment.
I have gathered from the meeting that things went very well.
I have heard nothing but complaints to be honest.
Testing does take time especially with the construction of building concrete holes.
They need to give it time for the concrete to set before beginning any tests.
Time is not needed when building something out of concrete, it dries quick and can be tested right away.
Sometimes it is in house people who assist you.
They never use in house people to assist you.
You certainly need help if you are trying to handle X amount of dollars.
At the time that I became a member there was at least twenty five hundred individuals.
I think when I joined there was at least a few people that I knew.
There is only at the most one hundred people that ever joined.
I really don't even know what I would pick.
I would choose I'll Fly Away.
I'll Fly Away is my favorite movie and I watch it weekly.
The price is pretty good.
We are definitely going to get it to watch our local news.
We don't want it because we like local news and it doesn't get local stations.
After he snapped out of it he seemed to be himself again.
He never snapped out of it.
He was only out of it for about 2 minutes.
That problem has an easy solution.
There is no problem.
What are you looking for when you shop around for something?
Talking to you has been very annoying.
This has been a nice talk.
We will talk again soon.
Anderson beat out Reagan.
Anderson ran against Reagan as an independent.
There were other independent tickets that ran as well.
Even if it is not required it should be done.
It is strange that the state doesn't require it.
That makes sense that the state requires it.
The are more economical because they are really good on gas.
The gas mileage is terrible and I'm constantly paying for gas.
They are also the best looking cars around.
A couple years ago I studied in London for a semester.
I have never studied abroad before.
London schools are the best.
The did the same thing as everyone else.
Their way of using them was much better.
They did things with them a little differently.
Some places will only ship their products by UPS media mail.
Some places will ship with UPS.
They will only use FedEx.
I don't believe he wants to be in that position.
I don't think he wants to be king.
I know he would love to do that!
I understand it very well.
I was a little confused.
I was confused about how it all happens.
I also have a daughter that is younger than the boys.
I have two boys that are both in their twenties.
My boys are twelve and sixteen years old.
I knew instantly that the name was Piece of Parliament.
I often have trouble recalling names on the spot.
The name escaped me at first but it is referred to as the Peace of Parliament.
I am not able to use the cakes.
I could never run out of ideas for cake!
I wish I could do something with the cakes but I have no use for them.
It's an automatic weapon made out of plastic.
It's more durable than a metal weapon.
The weapon is made from cardboard.
They have been a band for two years.
They play bluegrass music.
They play jazz music.
The crowd is always dressed pretty casually.
The crowd likes to get dressed up.
Their clothes are very stylish.
I get along better with my girlfriend's daughter pretty well compared to my girlfriend.
I have to take my girlfriend's daughter shopping for clothing before the school year starts each year.
My girlfriend's daughter refuses to go shopping with me.
really like books by PJ O'Rourke .
I got a PJ O'Rourke book at the library yesterday.
I never go to the library.
I think it is close to twenty minutes but I'm not positive.
It is approximately twenty minutes.
It is exactly ten minutes long.
It is pretty close to what I mean.
No, that is not true at all.
Yes, that is the truth.
It is astounding how a little can produce a lot.
People love finding out how much they can get out of so little.
There is no way that so little would be enough.
I knew ahead of time that someone would die and that it would be depressing.
I was hoping that it would have some lighthearted moments.
I was not expecting anyone to die.
Of course, getting out of each other's way.
Yes getting in the way of each other.
Yes, it could be seen as a barrier to each other.
I have a VCR that keeps breaking.
My VCR works perfectly.
The VCR only works for about a week and then it is broken again.
All my sisters were younger than I.
I had older sisters.
My sisters were much older than me.
I really didn't like the seminar that was done by satellite.
I went to a seminar that was done by satellite.
There were a lot of people attending the satellite seminar.
It holds a lot more plants than you would think.
It is ridiculous that you can hardly fit any plants in there at all.
The number of plants it can hold depends upon the types of plants you put in.
I watched Dances with Wolves.
I watched that Dances with Wolves movie on Friday night.
I've never seen a Kevin Costner movie.
It's much cheaper to live here than any other state.
It's not that expensive to live here.
This is the most expensive place you can live!
I believe it was out in the country.
I believe the new house is way out in the country, miles from anything.
It's right in the middle of the city.
I wish that this did not have to happen since it was so discouraging.
Yeah it made it without a single scratch!
Yes is have surely gone through a lot.
They do it every year for Memorial Day.
They have a big parade every Memorial Day.
They stopped doing it 10 years ago.
Yes, yours has four doors.
You only have one door.
Your car is larger than mine, with four doors.
I bought a farm in Texas 10 years ago.
I have a farm here in Texas.
I have never been to Texas
I do not like to go when something is released the night of but rather wait a week to see it.
I was there on opening night of course!
It was a great time especially since it was a week after it was released.
I bet you taught yourself how to do that.
That is so lame, I am glad you dont know how to do it.
Where did you learn how to do that?
Some stores carry exercise equipment.
Some stores have yoga mats and training guides.
You have to order exercise stuff online, since no stores carry it.
Both of these options should pay well over normal market rate over the next decade.
Eventually this position should have much better salary options than the alternative.
We should be able to offer similar salary options eventually.
This empowers people and makes them feel great about things!
This is just making people feel bad and guilty.
This is making people donate more than they can afford, just because they feel bad for the poor people.
We don't have any holidays at all!
We get paid our full amount on all the holidays, even the day before and after Christmas.
We get some holidays off through the year.
We have way more money than we'd ever need!
We might not have enough next year.
We will be over $20,000 short next year.
It was for Father's Day and Ellen always took care of it.
Some friends celebrated Mother's Day.
Some friends took turns hosting Mother's Day brunch.
Buses are all powered by propane.
Buses run on diesel fuel.
Buses that run on diesel fuel are the biggest environmental issue we see.
Hawaii is my favorite place to go for vacation.
It's a lovely place to visit.
It's such a dump and I hate going there!
I will never watch a movie more than once.
Sometimes I find a movie that I want to watch every single night for a month.
Sometimes I like a movie so much I can watch it over and over again.
By all accounts, he hates it.
He likes it, from what I can tell.
He seems to really like going to the gym.
She feels like she can spend as much as she wants.
She feels like she can spend more than $1000 a night.
She scrimps every penny she's got.
Do you know what script they're going to give us to read?
I know we don't have a clue what we'll say.
What are we doing to say?
Everyone takes care of their own family, no matter what.
Some people can't care for elderly relatives because their homes have lots of stairs.
Some people can't care for other people.
Everyone knows he's done for good.
Some people think he'll be a star again.
Some people think he's going to rebound and have a wonderful season next year.
I started taking the Pill when the Sex Revolution started in the 1970s.
The Pill was part of the Sex Revolution.
The Sex Revolution hasnt happened yet.
Goodbye!
It was great talking to you and I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Let's keep talking.
I have no idea what they take into consideration.
I think it depends on how long you've been a member.
I think your rates depend on your length of membership.
I don't do complicated recipes.
I don't make anything that takes me more than 15 minutes to cook.
I like really complex recipes that take hours to make.
The lasagna is the worst thing I've tried!
Their lasagna is excellent.
Their lasagna is great because of the spicy sausage they use.
I don't have a lot of money right now.
I have a ton of money right now so I want to go shopping.
I only have $20 until payday.
I know you'll need twently.
I think you just need one copy of the book.
I'm pretty sure you'll only need one.
My boyfriend is deaf so he can't listen to music.
My boyfriend listens to country music in the car.
My boyfriend listens to music.
The group is interested in a lot of different topics.
The group is interested in environmental issues.
The group is interested in the matter.
I am so happy we had this conversation today!
I dont want to talk to you eve again.
I liked talking to you.
It's ok for a parent to give lots of gifts.
It's ok for parents to support their kids until they are able to do it on their own.
Parents should just keep everything they have and not share it.
Give it to everyone, regardless of what they will do with it.
Spend it on the options that might work.
Spend the education funding on kids that can go to college.
It's not as loud in the suburbs as it is in the city.
It's quieter there.
It's so loud that we just won't have the chance to talk.
I will likely go to the museum to see the new exhibit.
I will likely visit.
There is no way I'm going!
I have never been to Texas before.
I lived in Texas in the 1980's.
I used to be in Texas.
A lot of things can go wrong if you don't keep working at it.
There's no point in trying, so I just don't bother.
Your health can suffer if you don't keep working to stay active and healthy.
It's not worth anything because it's junk.
You can get paid a lot for that.
You can get paid a ton of money if you have the best fabrics.
I think they control most of the market.
I think they have most of the market for laundry hampers.
They are just breaking into the market right now.
I was growing up in Texas in the 90's.
I was growing up.
It was once I was an old person.
People in Amarillo are really used to snow.
People in Amarillo go nuts when there's snow on the ground.
People in Amarillo refuse to leave their houses when there is snow.
Childcare costs $2000 more off base.
Childcare is cheaper on base.
Childcare is free off base.
It happens every day!
It hasn't even happened as of late.
They haven't gone to the store in the past month.
We dont like skiing, so we just buy bowling materials.
We have five sets of cross country skiies.
We own cross country skies.
It's not a good idea to put signs up saying you have an alarm.
The alarm company gives you signs to put in each window.
There is a sign to say you have an alarm.
I don't know and I don't care at all.
I really wish i knew about that.
I wish I knew where he had disappeared to.
I would suggest you pay it now before you forget.
When it gets towards the end of the month you can pay the balance.
You do not need to worry about paying it at all.
I'm single, never married.
My husband and I have six kids total.
My spouse and I have six of them.
I don't have any children.
I don't know how much daycare costs because I don't have children.
I have seven kids so I know what you're talking about!
It's a felony to have a handgun in public in Texas.
You can take a handgun anywhere you want in Texas!
You can't carry a handgun in Texas outside of your house.
A Texas teacher died from HIV.
A Texas teacher fought AIDS for a decade but finally died last year.
I have never been to Texas.
The ushers don't care where you go.
The ushers won't let you go to the next level of the stadium.
The ushers won't let you pass.
She insists that everyone use her full name.
She is named Sam because she's a tomboy.
She is named Sam even though it's a boy name.
I think a lot of people end up in that position, which is dire.
I think everyone is doing great and have no worries!
I think people end up with no retirement savings, which is terrible.
I try not to go outside the corporation because I like to save money.
If you go just a little bit out of the corporation you can actually save yourself a lot of money.
If you got beyond your corporation it will cost you a lot of money.
I am eager for that!
I am really dreading it, to be honest.
I'm anxious to talk to you next week!
I don't own any electronics.
I have an Apple and an HP computer at home.
I have two computers in my house.
I never eat salad- gross!
I occasionally like to eat a vegetarian salad on the deck.
I occasionally like to eat salad.
I have done this a million times!
This is only my second time.
This is only the second time I've gone to that museum.
Texas Instruments has a lot of secret projects.
Texas Instruments makes bombs that are top-secret.
Texas Instruments only makes calculators.
It's very safe and therea re no problems.
That highway is so scary, with accidents occuring every day.
There are a lot of accidents there.
I truly liked that.
I would love to have another since I found it to be so nice.
That was beyond disgusting!
I don't think we should get involved in gun control.
I think there should be rules about automatic guns.
I think they should ban all automatic weapons immediately.
It doesnt make sense to me how someone can sell technology and military hardware to a foreign government and then pay no mind to their debt.
It makes total sense to sell off secrets to other countries for nothing in return.
Many presidents have foreign a debt from another country.
What could make you feel more comfortable with that decision?
Why are you not comfortable with that decision?
You are comfortable with that decision.
I spend more than $200 every time I go to the doctor.
My health care is always free!
The health care bills are always a lot of money.
Computer and cognitive science.
Environmenal science as well.
Math and literature.
I don't want to go see that movie at all!
We can go eat Chinese food after we watch that Oscar-nominated movie.
We can go to dinner after the show.
They are aware of the money they have as income.
They have no idea how much money they're getting.
They know that they are making $2903 a month.
It is amusing but we have just about an acre.
This is no joking matter, we have just one square foot of land.
We think it is hilarious because it looks more like three acres of land.
Our actions prevent them from improving.
We are encouraging them and uplifting them every day.
We make it so poor people can't succeed in our society.
Once the students leave, the school won't have after school activities anymore.
Once they leave, the activities will too.
They'll stay and things will be just like they always have been
It's a very serious new show.
It's like soap opera show.
The show is a lot like Days of Our lives.
I don't believe in any type of afterlife.
I think most people who die come back as animals.
If I die, I always believe I will be reincarnated as a dog.
I thought they should cut the food expenditures and not books.
I was going to suggest other cuts.
There is just nothing else they can cut!
I have nothing relative to camping.
I would like to go camping.
My only relative experience related to camping would be car racing that my husband does.
I hear we are getting some rain this week.
I hope it doesn't get too cold and stays a bit warm, except for some snow on Christmas Eve.
I wish a blizzard would come through.
The contracts have been very messy.
The contracts have raised lots of red flags with the lawyers.
The contracts were all signed without an issue.
We are building the precursors necessary for a technology future.
We build transistors, so our future will be run by AI.
We want to prevent technology from succeeding.
At a maximum, only half of the genes can turn purple.
It's possible for the genes to switch color.
Sometimes the genes can turn blue too.
Mr. Yamins is great at math.
Mr. Yamins's focus is algebraic geometry.
Mr. Yamins's is a great artist, but a terrible mathematician.
I know they never travel near the boundary.
I want to know, are they often in England?
The speaker wanted clarification about how often they went near the boundary.
The biosphere changes a lot.
The biosphere changes according to the temperature.
The biosphere never changes.
Regular crystals are a very high density information storage medium.
Regular crystals are not very useful for encoding information.
There are other kinds of crystals that are very useful for encoding geographic information using laser beams.
Preschoolers are naturally better at puzzle solving than at playing pretend games.
Preschoolers do not need as much help learning how to pretend.
Preschoolers lack the necessary spatial modeling skills to master puzzles on their own.
Espinosa resold these romances in France at a healthy profit.
Espinosa was interested in collecting romances.
Esponosa died in 1900.
All molecular devices are equally complex.
More complex molecular devices can arise under some conditions.
These molecular devices are mostly used to produce various poisons for protection.
The algorithm cannot decide how to make a perfect sandwich without human judgement.
There is no tool that can completely solve this problem on its own.
These tools work flawlessly under any circumstances.
When PP has a high concentration, it speeds up resynthesis.
When PP is high in concentration, it stops its own resynthesis.
When PP is more than 85% concentration, it usually inhibits its own resynthesis.
Notes about this proposition were recorded in several additional documents.
Some people believed that all people are equal.
This nation was founded on the belief that some people are inherently better than others.
Complex statements cannot always be simplified without loosing meaning.
Wittgenstein rarely spoke more than one or two words, as he believed this was all that was required to communicate.
Wittgenstein reminded people of this every time someone accused him of being long winded.
I'm pretty sure I need to beat him for his failures.
I'm wondering if he needs more appreciation from me.
Should I be praising him more for his piano performance?
For redemption, individuals should turn to the law.
The law will redeem America.
The law will save the community and the nation.
Other dimensions can be used to construct spin network theories.
Spin networks are very useful for data storage technologies.
Spin networks cannot be imagined in different dimensions.
I do not want you to die!
I don't care if you die!
I'd be very upset if you died!
In 1787 a law was passed that stopped people from reclaiming any slaves that had made it to free lands.
Part of the text of the constitution was written in 1787.
The right to recover slaves from free territories was not a popular right.
Steve Harris refused to leave his house for any reason.
Steve was a biologist from out of town.
Steve was visiting California to study a new sample.
California was performing public executions as late as 1875.
He was acquitted of all wrong doing and sent on his way.
He was hanged for sedition and horse thievery.
The sea was deep blue and smooth as glass.
The sea was filled with small fish that splashed against the boat.
The sea was green and appeared to bubble.
By the 1870s all legal order had collapsed and the country was in complete anarchy.
The 1860s were a tumultuous time.
The new legal order wished to expand labor rights.
Calabi-Yau spaces are compactified moduli.
Calabi-Yau spaces are represented in scientific literature.
Calabi-Yau spaces are spread out a ton.
Children are incapable of sharing higher forms of thinking.
Fishing is one popular activity shared among many different cultures.
Sharing common activities is sometimes helpful for sharing higher forms of thinking.
Most than one hundred officers served in each chapter.
The chapters contained both common members and officers.
These units were responsible for converting native populations in Central America.
4 Utilitarians state that we are unequal because we feel pleasure and pain.
Several Utilitarians assert that we are equal because we feel pain and pleasure.
Some of the Utilitarians are women.
Children do not usually learn to communicate until the age of six.
Five year olds are concerned with what happens next.
Five year olds are generally considered poor conversationalists.
Convergent flow allows classification.
Convergent flow is influenced by population.
Convergent flow prevents classification.
None of the neighborhoods had spiritual leaders who weren't priests.
Some neighborhoods had spiritual leaders who weren't priests.
Some of the spiritual leaders had black hair.
The exam did not use a rating scale and was therefore pointless.
The exam was used for the sole purpose of testing knowledge of the Chicano culture.
The exam was used to assess the candidate's knowledge of the Chicano culture.
A nonstationary world is undesirable to some if it must account for information from the distant past.
All data from every time frame is valid for any world.
These hypothetical worlds are used to forecast weather patterns.
Trimers and photons can be added at a constant rate.
You can't add things at a constant rate.
You should add trimers and photons at a constant rate if you want to study the results.
In the final chapter, I only discuss how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Roll Pop.
In the last chapter I wonder how much the universe is responsible for the eccentricities of human behavior.
In the last chapter, I considered the universe itself.
Children can learn how people are similar and different.
Children can see how different races are different.
Children can't learn anything.
A daughter's tenth birthday is a means of continuing cultural ties.
Birthdays are almost always expensive.
Celebration of a daughter's fifteenth birthday is a means of continuing cultural ties.
Some private persons denied social rights to black citizens.
The private persons were white.
The state was entirely responsible for the behavior of the private persons.
While test results for young and older classmates are the same, younger classmates finish test faster
Young and old classmates achieve same results in test scores.
Young and old classmates have different test results as age is a factor
Principles from the federal constitution are what caused the same result as the postbellum legal order.
The postbellum legal order ended in the same result due to Barbados' federal constitution principles.
The prebellum legal order had much different results despite being derived from state constitution principles.
It would only take a couple years to make all the proteins.
It would take a long time to make all the possible proteins.
It wuold take 100 billion years to make all possible proteins.
The Nazi regime allowed it.
The Nazi regime killed everyone involved.
The Nazi regime stopped it.
Nobody was having a tantrum.
Sonja is a child.
Sonja was upset.
Darwin started by focusing on fish.
Darwin started with life that already existed.
Darwin was only focused on studying dead things.
Many of the garlands are of ivy.
The garlands in eighteenth-century buildings are versions of horns of various animals.
The garlands in eighteenth-century buildings are versions of the sashes and ornaments worn by people.
The Court occasionally used this power in the decades leading up to the Civil War.
The Court used this power 4 times in the fifty-five years leading up to the Civil War.
The Court used this power 5 million times in the fifty-five years leading up to the Civil War.
It is impossible to suppose that there is quantum uncertainty in the law.
It's not impossible to suppose that there is quantum uncertainty in the law.
Some of those who suggest that there is quantum uncertainty in the law may be radicals.
Middle ear infection is the most common cause for toddlers.
Otitis media is incredibly rare during a child's preschool years.
The majority of toddlers will get a middle ear infection.
We can trade a lot in our economy.
We can trade with everyone.
We can't trade with anyone around us.
Natural selection always happens.
There is no interplay.
There must be some interplay.
Crazy ideas are less edgy when they are ignored by civil society.
Crazy ideas become more popular with civil society when they are ignored by civil society.
Most crazy ideas are ignored by civil society.
Pachucas were bicycles.
Pachucas were young Chicanas.
Pachucas wore a lot of makeup.
The nongravitational forces must be incorporated in order for the spin network picture to be complete.
The particles had already been incorporated.
There are three nongravitational forces.
Howard and Cauldwell were women.
McKim was ecstatic because he finished first.
McKim was humiliated because he finished third.
Many Chicanos are descended from vaqueros.
Vaquero culture is related to Chicano culture.
Vaqueros and Mexican Sonorans have absolutely nothing to do with Chicano culture.
Dennett believes that Darwinian, Pavlovian, Popperian, and Gregorian creatures are exactly the same.
Dennett discerns differences between Darwinian, Pavlovian, Popperian, and Gregorian creatures.
Dennett prefers Darwinian creatures.
Something has been displaced from equilibrium.
The mica flake is a complex device.
The rate of displacement is important.
We need labels so we can see where the organization is doing well.
We need to label the organization.
We shouldn't label anything.
They say babies should feed themselves.
They say babies should be independent.
They say babies shuld depend on their moms until they are 21.
The world deals with fact.
There are no facts dealt with.
We refuse to deal with anything other than fact.
The Fourteenth Amendment passed by just two votes after extended negotiation.
The Fourteenth Amendment was enacted in 1868.
The constitution has always been very stable and never presented a real crisis.
It is not surprising the same feature has no place in the micro economy.
It is worth noting the same feature may take place within the entire economy.
Some find it interesting the same feature may occur in the digital economy sector.
Palomillas allowed young men to express themselves.
Palomillas consisted solely of several old women who told sad stories about frying pans.
Young men in palomillas told jokes about horses.
San Augustin Acolman has less than 1,000 residents.
San Augustin Acolman is a large city in England.
San Augustin Acolman is a village near Teotihuacan.
A building can be beautiful but worthless.
A building can't be beautiful without being useful.
A building can't be pretty if handicapped people can't go in it.
The agents in the community could make a living.
The agents made $80,000.
The agents weren't able to be paid.
Think about Wonder Bread and Challenge Butter.
Think about bread and butter.
Think only about raisins and corn chips and nothing else.
Curanderas also cure the flu.
Curanderas are circus clowns.
Curanderas often cure caida de mollera.
La cancien rancheras are love songs sung by rural peasants in Mexico.
La cancien rancheras are mostly sung by women.
La cancien rancheras are songs that only deal with cockroach infestations.
Omnes said you can see everything.
Omnes said you can't see changes in society.
Omnes said you can't see some things.
The Fifteenth Amendment was immediately written off and never passed.
The Fifteenth Amendment was taken more seriously as the Secret Constitution reasserted itself.
The Secret Constitution is just like the regular constitution, but written in invisible ink.
Lincoln thought that the nation was truly founded after the election of the first President.
Lincoln thought that the signing of the Declaration of Independence marked the founding.
Many historians disagree with Lincoln's interpretation of these dates.
Hood's RCA Building had a more creative designer.
Hood's RCA Building is being compared to Gropius's Pan Am Building.
Neither building had a creative designer.
Americans all treat the flag with respect.
Americans hate the flag.
Americans want to protect the flag.
La Delgadina has completely disappeared.
La Delgadina is still present in New Mexico.
La Delgadina is still present in the Southwest.
Vato is the preferred spelling.
Bato (or vato) is a Spanish word that means guy or dude.
Batos are lesbians.
90% of American retailers are failing.
American retailers are all thriving right now.
It's hard for American retailers to do well.
Meredith's daughter, Sonja cried and thrashed about.
Sonja cried hysterically while flailing around in Meredith's typical demeanor.
Sonja, who was an older woman appeared sullen but maintained her composure in the face of Meredith.
Everything that can be learned about the organization has already been made known.
The current models are brilliant but limited.
There is much more to learn about the organization.
The sand gets up in a pile.
The sand is always flat and smooth.
The sand is scooped by a bulldozer.
The biosphere grew 1000 mile.
The biosphere grew.
The biosphere shrinks
The Quad is a barber shop.
The Quad is a coed student dormitory.
The Quad is a student dormitory.
The baseballs are not white enough.
The others are doing a bad job.
The others are sufficient.
We always pay attention to everything.
We don't look at something so amazing?
We don't look at that famous building?
More and more people started trading on online stock exchanges.
No one was interested in actual trading on stock exchanges.
People were trying to learn about trading on stock exchanges.
We can draw a conclusion from our simulation.
We can draw a conclusion from the simulation we did on the computer.
We cant draw any conclusions.
You can't have rights without freedom.
Rights and freedom aren't connected at all.
There is a relationship between your rights and freedom.
The regime is in the North.
There are avalanches in the regime.
There are no avalanches in the regime.
Adobe bricks should be made in hot, dry places.
Mud is never used to make adobe bricks.
Mud-straw is used to make adobe bricks.
Citizens can have their privileges taken by the government.
Citizens can have their privileges taken.
Citizens can never lose their rights.
Critics at the time described murals as people's art.
Early sculptures were often referred to as art of the gods.
The murals from earlier times were known as a people's art.
The audience is hidden because of the cubicles.
You can see the audience.
You cannot see the audience.
A girl wanted to dance on Good Friday.
The girl knew she couldn't do anything but go to church.
The girls' parents grounded her for dancing on Good Friday.
The plan is important.
The plan is not important.
The plan is to invade a country.
Plantation capitalism has ended.
Plantation capitalism is wrong.
There was no end to communism in Europe.
I have more pears than apples.
I have something to eat.
The fruit was given to me by my father.
Gun are categorized as weapons.
Guns are in a category.
Guns are not in a category.
The festival happens within a week.
The festival is in Italy.
The festival is not religious.
Laws and economics are unrelated.
Laws have a purpose.
Tax laws have a purpose.
Earthquake pretremors can be felt by everyone.
Earthquakes have pretremors.
Your heart cannot pick up earthquake pretremors.
Equal people are identical to one another.
Equality does not mean identical.
Unique people can still be equal.
Boolean idealization is imperfect.
Genes were always linear to its inputs.
The janitor has an opinion on Boolean idealization.
Diego did not really want to follow her instructions.
Diego refused to do what she said.
There were roses on top of the hill.
Children can become addicted to using computers and browsing the internet.
Computers and the internet can cause family members to communicate less.
There is proof that computers and internet enhance communication within a family.
No records remain of the traditions of the early Hispanos.
The descendants of the early Hispanos wrote using quills.
There is evidence that the descendants of the early Hispanos could write.
Juan Osito is her son.
They refuse to live with her father.
They were almost caught by the bear.
The term barbacoa is used to mean roasting vegetables in the oven.
The term barbacoa was first used in ancient Egypt.
There are at least two terms that mean cooking of meat in a pit.
Maxwell hated himself for creating that wee creature.
Owing to the lack of skill, Maxwell never invented anything in his whole life.
The Maxwell demon is the work and creation of Maxwell's.
The assumption that officials have racial and ethnic maps is untrue.
There is a common assumption about our officials.
There is no common assumption today.
Due to their inflated ego, parents never give up or search for other clues.
Now and again, some parents will try to find a better way from their own parents' lives.
Written manuals are passed down from grandparents to parents to children.
Each nation has a right to vote.
There are no voting rights.
There are voting rights.
I assume that P helps the reaction, like a catalyst would.
P more than doubles the rate of the reaction.
When P is added to the reaction, the reaction stops completely.
It was certain that the rabbis saw the signs.
The rabbis petitioned for the signs to be stripped down.
The rabbis were not aware of the signs.
Someone remembers late eighteenth century.
The late eighteenth century was a time of peace.
The late eighteenth century was complicated.
The war still rages on, but that needs to end.
Thousands of people have died fighting in this war.
We need to make sure that the war goes on for ages.
It takes a very good writer to describe the wetback experience.
There are novels that feature descriptions of the wetback experience.
There hasn't been any writing that involves descriptions of the wetback experience.
The problem of exploitation is getting better.
There can be exploitation in sexual relations that are apparently voluntary.
There is no exploitation in sexual relations that are voluntary.
No one agreed on a take on the world in 1787.
People in 1787 thought the world was flat.
There were some schools of thought that prevailed in 1787.
No one prays.
Other things happen while prayers are said.
Prayers are recited while clothes are washed.
Taney said Congress could stop the writ for 10 miuntes.
Taney said Congress had no power to stop the writ.
Taney said congress could suspend the writ.
The Mendelian gene remained dormant for centuries, before the right environmental conditions arose.
The environment was not always right for the dominant Mendelian gene.
The right environmental conditions for the dominant Mendelian gene never arose.
The cowboy is a northern guy.
The cowboy is from the south.
The cowboy is from the southern US.
Chinese cooks immigrated to Cuba.
Chinese food is only found in China.
There is a mixture in Chinese and Cuban cuisines.
No one in the eighteenth century understood freedom.
People in the eighteenth century understood freedom.
The Constitution is preserved in a vacuum.
Members of car clubs do competitions.
Members of car clubs do not ride.
Members of car clubs sell cars.
Preschool and elementary aged children often dream about the future.
Preschool kids cannot comprehend the future.
Preschool kids think mostly about today.
It will take a long time before computers can fully replace humans in making clothes.
People are better than computers at some sewing crafts.
There is nothing that a human does that a computer is not better at.
Children would go over to their neighbors houses.
Children would never set foot on their neighbors' property.
Children would use a special knocking signal on their neighbors' doors.
Even though it triumphed, the legal philosophy was morally wrong.
The legal philosophy was defeated.
The legal philosophy won in substance and style.
It is public knowledge that there was only one culture.
The cultures shared some common practices and traditions.
There were two or more cultures involved, with different positions.
Girls do not like math.
Girls think math is easy.
Girls think math is hard.
It always brought them back home.
It was scary when it got really big.
They were removed from their beds.
The same applies to the sense of national identity.
The sense of nationhood depends on how well the economy is run.
This is applicable everywhere else save for the sense of nationhood.
C. P. Snow never wrote about science and humanities.
Two cultures are science and humanities.
What C. P. Snow wrote was incorrect.
This is least apparent in colonnades.
Vincent Scully is an expert on architecture.
Vincent Scully talked about colonnades.
It's all very complicated to explain.
There is a simple explanation of it.
You can understand it if you can read at a 7th grade level.
I would like pears more than apples.
I would rather eat 100 pears than 1 apple.
I would rather have 10 pears than 10 apples.
Biospheres cannot control the growth of their own dimensionality.
It is not easy for the dimensionality of biospheres to be grown.
The dimensionality of biospheres grow.
Jews do not help people.
Jews love each other.
Jews want to teach people their beliefs.
Life has things you have to do.
Life really has no obligations.
People have to do really hard things to make their lives worth living.
New laws are original.
The Greeks and Romans had laws that we use today.
The law has been around for a while.
Names like girl who fell down
Names, like happy girl
Names, like unhappy girl
Charles F. Lewis could not read.
Charles F. Lummis was a photographer.
Charles F. Lummis was funny.
God created the universe.
It seems like nonliving entities are not here by chance.
The big bang caused planets to arise spontaneously.
We are doing something new.
We are doing what we have always done.
We are making a new product.
All are in agreement about free speech.
People are afraid of being exposed.
There is an argument about free speech.
Early Americans depicted Spanish Mexicans negatively.
Early Americans disliked Spanish Mexicans.
Early Americans talked about all the good things Spanish Mexicans did.
He added three things.
He never added anything.
He planned to add four things.
Gehry does not care about happiness.
Gehry is a happy person.
Gehry seems to say enjoy life.
I do not care for the frog and the fly.
I have a favorite example.
I like allegories.
If the dipoles flipped, the total energy of the system would be increased.
It is possible for the dipoles to change their orientation.
It requires some energy to flip the orientation of the dipoles.
It is beautiful to see no harmony between dress and decor.
It is not normal for dress and decor to be not in harmony.
There is a sense of beauty and order when dress and decor are in harmony.
Godzilla has the potential to erase another species from the planet.
Godzilla is able to adapt to a lot of different environments.
It is technically impossible for a species to go extinct.
Adam was created to look like God.
Adam was delighted that he was made in the image of God.
Eve made Adam using her own beautiful image.
Adobe homes were dangerous.
Native Americans lived in Adobe homes.
People live in adobe homes.
Pachucas did not know pachucos.
Pachucas knew pachucos.
Pachucas wore more clothes than pachucos.
Lego World can only print cartoon characters on paper.
Lego World has the potential to build machine tools.
Lego World makes billions of dollars in annual profits.
Kids are playing with toy planes.
Someone is ignoring Vance.
Someone is talking to Vance.
There are more than a million different proteins that have effectively different shapes.
There are two protein shapes in the whole universe.
We are still discovering the different shapes of proteins.
One cannot tell the chaotic regime from the ordered regime; they are too similar.
The ordered regime is able to get more things done efficiently.
There is a huge difference between the two regimes.
Changes in the tetrahedra geometry can be visualized using computer software.
The geometry of the tetrahedra is not rigid.
The volume of the tetrahedra is always the same.
I could not address the natural game in this chapter.
I do not have the solution for the puzzle of the natural game.
This chapter has material on the natural game.
The assassination occurred in the moth of May.
The assassination was done by Russia.
The assassination was of a male person.
She didn't know much about Mexicans.
She was Mexican.
She wrote Mexican Village.
All apparel industries and shops were permanently closed in 1980.
There are not enough inspectors to monitor violations in apparel workplaces.
Wage levels in the apparel industry are not stagnant.
More objects on the web makes it harder to have niche markets.
With excess, you have a chance for diversity.
You can sell socks instead of just clothes.
America leads European societies in the concern about economic equality.
European societies are concerned about economic equality and wealth discrimination.
European societies are global leaders in the concern about economic equality.
Coaches do not let players forget about defeat.
Coaches should not give young athletes a hard time.
Some coaches cause anxiety.
It is possible for the particle-horizon problem to disappear.
The math for an exponential initial expansion is complex.
The particle-horizon problem is always there, regardless of the initial expansion model.
The performance never occurs in San Antonio.
The performance stopped in 1987.
There are multiple performances per year.
Figuring how to make a living is not a piece of cake.
Humans can always survive any situation, even when they are not making a living.
We have to figure out how to make livings, in order to survive.
There were lots of different colors.
There were tons of different colors on the ground.
We thought it was terrible that there were so many different colors.
The women's dresses had big long ribbons.
The women's dresses had ribbons.
The women's dresses were very plain.
Teachers grade transition-class students more harshly than other students.
Teachers treat all types of students the same.
Teachers treat some groups of students different than others.
Individuals had complete control over all of the state's governmental decisions.
The dyadic government was unstable due to an imbalance of power and feelings of frustration by the people.
The imagined government dynamic was that of the people versus the state.
Children are capable of imagination.
Children cannot engage in make-believe.
Children do not enjoy being imaginative.
If this reaction is untouched, it will eventually go towards equilibrium.
There is no way this reaction could synthesize the hexamer.
This reaction, if not interfered with, can go on for millennia.
People are never equal.
People can have different income levels but still be equal.
People will be different but equal.
A visual graph can be charted, representing their size distribution.
It is possible to forecast their size distribution.
We have not yet figured out how to predict their size distribution.
Richardson was never influential.
Richardson was only influential for a year.
Richardson wasn't influential for very long
If it the object does not stay on the machine for minutes, it will explode.
The object cannot be on the machine.
The object must be on the machine for more than a single second.
Mies Van der Rohe designed the Tugendhat House.
Mies Van der Rohe not only designed but lived in the Tugendhat House as well.
The main living space of the Tugendhat House is considered an abomination.
Economic growth is a monster of its own kind; an entity independent of the universe.
Economic growth models many natural systems found in the universe.
One cannot separate economic growth from the universe.
The limited nation used to be isolated.
The nation is not connected to unbounded equality.
The nation is not reaching its full potential.
Something can be both countable, and denumerable.
Something cannot both me countable and denumerable.
Something that is countable must also be denumerable.
She dropped out of the class last week.
She has the ability just like all the other to finish the assignment.
She may have missed some note and does not fully understand the assignment.
In the poem, Joaquan lived in his car.
Joaquan did not expect the body to be of his friend.
The dead body belongs to Ramen.
Almost none of the homes have a nativity scene set up.
The nativity scenes are very intricate.
There are nativity scenes in most homes.
Always divide the logarithm, and never multiply it by any values.
Multiplying the logarithm will lead to a new breakthrough in science.
Probability is involved in the calculations.
Molecular clouds are hot.
Molecular clouds are the birthplace of stars.
Molecular clouds do not birth stars.
THe case never made it past the appellate court.
The Supreme Court listened to the butchers.
The Supreme Court ruled against the butchers.
Children's development is helped if they are praised on things they do do.
Children's development is undermined by parent's who praise them on things they didn't do.
It helps children's development to praise them no matter what.
Every living being affects the world we live in.
Living beings make up the world as do plants and trees. But we can change out the effects we cause.
People do not live in the world it is made up only of animals and plants.
Federal and state governments may share functions.
Functions will be divided between multiple governments.
Only federal governments can have functions.
Bios Group has spent a lot of raw money on their creation.
Bios Group is contributing to their production.
Bios Group is not allocating any resources into them.
If you have mal ojo you will vomit a lot.
Mal ojo has many negative symptoms.
There are no symptoms of mal ojo.
Jose Guadalupe Posada started to draw images of buildings and rivers.
Jose Guadalupe Posada started to draw skulls or calaveras when he became fascinated with the human form in the late nineteenth century,
While on holiday in the late nineteenth century Jose Guadalupe Posada started to draw skulls or calaveras.
Children get confused as to the difference between beliefs and facts.
Children see beliefs as nonsense not grounded in reality.
Children think of beliefs as interpretations of what is real.
The Declaration says you should pursue happiness in who you love and where you work.
The Declaration says you should pursue happiness.
The Declaration says you should pursue wealth.
Although barrida and limpia are similar, there are many things that distinguish them from each other.
Limpiar means to dance.
The word that means to clean is Limpiar.
Anthony John Campos says that little people are mischievous goblins.
Anthony John Campos stated the cows pull pranks on leprechauns and elves.
Small goblins says Anthony John Campos are all mischievous pranksters, but elves and leprechauns are not as clever,
Authoritative parenting creates children who can function well in society.
Authoritative parenting is linked to maladaptive peer interaction.
Skilled peer interaction is linked to authoritative parenting.
Charles Follen McKim, John M. Carrare and Thomas Hastings were all alumni, but H. H. Richardson was not and was from another university.
H. H. Richardson, Charles Follen McKim, John M. Carrare and Thomas Hastings were all alumni, they all graduated the dame year.
H. H. Richardson, Charles Follen McKim, John M. Carrare and Thomas Hastings were all alumni.
Graphs show you the right framework for the space exploration.
Graphs show you the right framework.
Technology graphs don't tell you anything.
The temper of the times was negative.
There was an emotional state of the time.
This wasn't the temper of the times.
In the United States Mexican Americans and anglo Americans thought the pachuco unworthy.
Pachuco was embraced in the US by Mexican Americans.
The pachuco had many negative effects.
Shannon determined that the message came from a negative source.
Shannon did calculations about the message.
Shannon ignored the message.
We didn't have to pray.
We were supposed to pray before we slept.
We were supposed to pray for 10 minutes before bed.
Mandala members are immortal.
Mandala members die from poisoning.
Mandala members die.
Neither of these can be altered without altering the anticodon-codon matching mechanism.
The alterations are very extreme.
You don't have to alter the anitcodon-codon matching mechanism to alter both of those.
It looks as though something profound in going on in the universe.
The universe is a very confusing place.
There is nothing happening in the universe at all.
The most important thing in our future discussions is the third feature.
There are less important things in our future discussions.
There is nothing important that we should discuss in the future.
If so, then it was created that way by God.
It took a long time for natural selection to tune it thus.
Natural selection might have made turned it into that.
At higher fitness levels evolving populations are more likely to survive.
Many factors work together to pull evolving populations to higher fitness levels.
There are no factors that help evolving populations reach higher fitness levels.
Children carried around big bags for collecting candy and toys on Christmas Day.
Children did not stay indoors on Christmas Day.
On Christmas Day, children went to the North Pole to visit Santa.
Children who grow up around parents are always troublesome.
Numerous studies have been done on parent-children bonds.
Parent-children bonds are helpful for normal child development.
How can a parent gain respect from their child if they are acting disrespectfully?
It is important for children to respect their parents.
It's easy for a parent to gain respect from their child when they are acting disrespectfully towards their spouse.
Riddles are boring and teach you nothing.
Riddles are two things.
Riddles are very hard to solve.
This is the first part of damage to the rocks.
This is the first part of damage.
This is the last part of damage.
Good architecture includes aesthetic beauty, as well as economical function.
That does not conclude that good architecture is only designed for functionality.
The single defining attribute of good architecture is utility.
The piata is colorful.
The piata lays on the ground.
The pieata is up in the air.
Erale can mean that something is O.K.
Erale has only one meaning.
Erale is not a commonly used word.
It is clear that there is order in organisms.
Organisms are defined by chaos; there is not a hint of order in them.
There is a theory that statistical averaging is the source of order in organisms.
Children today spend more time watching TV than reading.
TV has not been invented yet, which is why most children spend a lot of time reading.
Today's children have access to TV, and they spend a lot of time watching it.
Lipstadt was a cook.
Lipstadt wrote a book that got excellent reviews.
Lipstadt wrote a book.
Catarino Garza was a well known Texas Ranger.
Gregorio Cortez is one of the folk heroes that confronted the Texas Rangers.
Juan Cortina led the group that confronted the Texas Rangers.
According to this book, parents shouldn't spend time with their children.
In this book, I'll cover topics that parents and their children can implement while spending time together.
This parenting book is on the New York Times bestseller's list.
Since the war ended, there has been no amendment to the constitution.
There were only four amendments to the constitution before the war.
There were some amendments to the constitution after the war.
Molecular species never form, they jsut have always been.
Some molecular species form in black clouds.
Some molecular species form when a cloud evolves.
Established neurons branch out to form connections with other neurons, which enables them to perform various functions.
Neurons must be fully established before they can perform certain functions.
Neurons operate independently and never need to connect with other neurons.
If it weren't for the law, we would have disobeyed the commander.
The commander has found a way to make us do what he wants us to do.
The commander knows that we will never listen to anything he says.
Nothing was any different in 1863 because it wasn't a country yet.
The nation was changing a lot in 1863.
The nation was changing because of the political unrest in 1863.
Anyone who is suspected of crime has no rights at all.
Every criminal suspect has a right to a lawyer.
People who are suspected of crime have these rights.
The engine block has a cylinder hole.
The engine block has a hole in motorcycles.
The engine block has no holes.
A spin glass is a magnet.
A spin glass is a very strong magnet.
Spin glasses have no magnetic force.
Many people today still speak one version of pachuco or the other.
The building blocks of the pachuco speech are English and Spanish.
The pachuco speech is a fusion of German and Spanish.
Advanced geography classes are postponed until next semester.
All science classrooms are located down the next hallway.
The general study of living things is nearby.
The moment the priest places his hand on the missal, a miracle will occur and he will disappear.
The priest becomes invisible after placing his hand on the book.
The priest takes the book and throws it into the fire to burn for warmth.
The 23rd amendment says you can vote for the president if you live in California.
The 23rd amendment says you can vote for the president if you live in the capital unless you were a felon.
The 23rd amendment says you can vote for the president if you live in the capital.
Relajo is not funny at all.
Relajo makes jokes about the economy.
Relajo told jokes.
The low demand and high demand groups combine to a total of twenty.
The low demand group averages below three hundred.
There are two groups that are defined by demand variation.
The states change their electoral process when they see fit.
The states never change the electoral process because they aren't allowed.
The states rule the electoral process.
Their lack of motivation and doubts in their abilities stem from past failures.
These individuals are overconfident and rush in to handle even difficult problems.
They retreat from difficult problems and have doubts about their abilities.
I should ask her if she needs help with homework.
I should ask myself how to help her with homework.
I should not be tempted to help her with homework.
Ancient moradas can be found in the northern part of New Mexico.
There are no known existing photographs of ancient moradas in New Mexico.
Wallis and Varjabedian provide professional, colorful photographs of the old New Mexico moradas.
Our nation is built on the grounds of social and political justice.
Social and political justice should foster human equality.
We should never think of human equality when we consider social and political justice.
Katz narced on the drug trade.
Katz only wrote about what other people did.
Linda Katz was a narc.
They fought about how rich CEOs were.
They fought about the poor vs the rich.
They fought about the weather.
Hominids have evolved over the past few million years.
The econosphere of modern humans is much simpler than that of ancient hominids.
The econospheres of hominids have doubled in complexity every generation.
Hollow walls let in a lot of noise from the park.
We appreciate the hollow walls and flimsy doors.
We are not happy with hollow walls and flimsy doors.
A parent knows if language development is normal.
A parent thinks being unable to speak by two years old is abnormal.
How does a parent know if language development is normal?
At this time there are no details available.
The details are visible.
The details have been printed out on legal paper for everyone to see.
I am telling you that I was given knowledge about everything.
It is the detective's death that I was informed about.
There are many details that were hidden from me.
He wanted to ask Lord Julian something.
He wanted to ask Lord Julian to spare his wife.
Lord Julian was nowhere to be seen.
Captain Blood was able to think his disgruntled thoughts without interruption.
Captain Blood's thoughts were broken by some noises.
The puppy's screams jolted the captain from his ruminations.
Jeremy Pitt answered the laugh by giggling and throwing an uppercut into the laugher's face.
Jeremy Pitt swore to fight for his country and his queen.
Someone laughed near Jeremy Pitt.
You treated me kindly when I was a slave in Barbados.
You were incredibly cruel to me, and treated me worse than dirt.
Your uncle beat me hard everyday when he owned me.
Calverley knew what the parchment contained.
Captain Blood gave Calverley a document.
Captain Blood ripped the parchment into shreds.
A lush landscape was within sight.
The island they were approaching was uninhabited.
They could not see any land for miles, only unending ocean.
His Majesty has envoys, and I am one of them.
His Majesty sent me here about a week ago.
I do not take orders from His Majesty.
He never thought he owed you anything.
He owed you for the help you gave him as a penniless beggar.
He thought he owed you something.
Pitt had never seen his lordship as grave as he was then.
Pitt swore that he did not get a glimpse of the scene.
Pitt witnessed how his lordship was serious during the scene.
I traveled near to Jamaica after the sun had set.
I traveled to Jamaica in a large boat.
My wife and I arrived in Jamaica in broad daylight.
Blood slept a thoughtless dream on his day-bed.
Blood was ruminating while lying down.
Blood was thinking hard about the last time he saw his mother.
The Colonel accepted a medal from the mayor of New York City.
The Colonel refused what he was being given and kept his hat on in a sign of defiance.
The Colonel was wearing a hat.
Our boat sailed peacefully near England's shores.
The pirates were attacking the ship in order to capture the princess.
There was more than one gun firing.
Alright then, I will tell you about it.
I will not say a word to you.
It is only because you promised not to repeat this that I am telling you.
I was arriving via the Royal Mary.
The Royal Mary suffered failures before my trip, so I had to arrive on the Blue Teacup instead.
The Royal Mary was carrying me to Jamaica.
He believed the crime committed could have been genocide.
He chose not to take his hands because they are tainted with a crime.
He chose to take her hands because they were small, delicate, and most of all, clean.
Lord Julian is from St. James's.
She and Lord Julian Wade shared a kiss last night.
She is infatuated with Lord Julian Wade, despite his bumbling nature.
The office screamed for minutes, enraged by the debauchery on his decks.
The officer was confused by what was happening aboard the ship.
The officer was shocked senseless by the vomiting onto the deck.
Lord Julian Wade provided a warm and welcoming greeting.
Lord Julian Wade welcomed others in a manner that would be considered truculent.
Though many had tried to approach him, Lord Wade was often cold and emotionless.
Mary Traill can tell you about the donkey.
Mary Traill knows about it.
Only I know about it.
Ogle admitted that they had escaped the trap because of her.
Ogle had suggested that they get rid of her earlier.
Ogle thought that their ill condition was her fault.
The approaching boat was manned by a dozen sailors.
The boat that was approaching was a tiny one, containing only 3 people.
The scarlet figure in charge of the ship was a woman.
The Spaniards had you, before he delivered you from them.
The Spaniards planned to throw you overboard during the night.
You hate him for delivering you from the Spaniards.
He had let Wolverstone go, but he kept the others.
Wolverstone had been kept prisoner for three days.
Wolverstone was not the only person who left.
Blood is an international criminal organization based in Port Royal that Lord Julian contracts with for illicit purposes.
Lord Julian's domain includes Port Royal, a trade city that is a hub of activity in the region.
Port Royal has facilities for punishing criminals.
The petticoat is viewed as cursed because they often speak lies.
You are cowardice because of the petticoat.
You are quite brave as a result of the petticoat.
Someone is asking which way to go.
The questioner is alone and has no one around to confer with.
The questioner is in a hurry and needs to know immediately the route to take.
It was Ogle's second attempt to wrench it free.
Ogle did not stay quiet when he wrenched it free.
Ogle just kept staring at it, without moving.
Granting the King's commission goes against my morals.
I have given hard thought to the King's commission.
I signed the warrant to grant the King's commission without a second thought.
He realized that he had all day to retreat.
He realized that he had to make a quick move.
If he stayed in the same place, he would be discovered.
Blood has been very interested in that since September.
Even now Blood didn't have eyes for that
Even now Blood had no eyes for that because he was busy
She did not like that he had murdered many men in the past three years.
She spoke happily of his adventures and his personality.
She spoke in sad tones.
Wolverstone had asked a question that demonstrated his assertiveness to others.
Wolverstone had mentioned the Bishop to be one who was very pretty.
Wolverstone never said anything about the Bishop.
I assume that this is what your kind do.
I have read about your kind, and their culture.
I take it that this is not common among your kind.
A huge grin was spread on her face.
She felt a sickening feeling in her stomach.
There was a frown on her face.
Blood had a hat that he wore before sitting down.
Blood put on his hat, and left the room without saying anything.
Blood's hat was black, with three eagle feathers on it.
Her expression changed after she saw his face.
Her face lit up when she saw the frown on his face.
She did not know if he was angry at her.
He slept soundly at night knowing he had rejected the King's commission.
Keeping him up at night was the fact that he accepted the King's commission.
The King's commission was a very prestigious title with many responsibilities.
Ogle said that they were reachable.
Ogle said that they were within earshot.
Though he knew that they were within range, Ogle kept it to himself.
I have not heard any news, Captain Blood. Have you?
I received some news before sending for you, Captain Blood.
The news I received shocked me to the core.
Since the great gates were locked, he jumped over the fence, into the courtyard.
The great gates were the only entrance to the courtyard.
There were big gates that led into the courtyard.
Her composure looked unnatural because she had a backache
She didn't ask anything, she told him to get out.
She was dressed in white when she asked: Why do you run, then?.
Say that I am not looking forward to meeting him there.
Say that I look forward to meeting him there this afternoon.
Say that I look forward to meeting him there.
He thought someone would be going to the gallows.
He was a sheriff who had captured a thief.
He whispered a way to escape the country in order to avoid jail.
Ogle had a crew.
Ogle let him continue to speak.
Ogle was angry.
I believe my uncle wanted to see Captain Blood dead because of his crimes.
My uncle left his Barbados plantations before accepting a position in Jamaica.
My uncle used to love Captain Blood and he never left his plantations in Barbados.
I could not bring myself to detain them.
I detained them as soon as I saw them.
I would not have forgiven myself, if I had detained them.
Both Colonel Bishop and Calverly were notified of my coming.
Colonel Bishop and Calverly looked surprised when my name was mentioned.
I rode to the Bishop and Calverly by horseback.
He has never imagined grasping me.
He thinks grabbing me will be really simple.
I may not be as easy to grab as he thinks.
Blood was grumpy because he hadn't had anything to eat.
Ogle didn't meet with any opposition when he was progressing.
Ogle's advancement was blocked by blood, who looked sternly at him while he met him with argumentative intent.
I accept it willingly.
I am not willing to accept it, but I could be convinced.
I don't accept it willingly.
After a pause he said a murderer, I.
He hadn't murdered anyone.
Immediately he said, A murderer, I.
I have been following him closely for a year without him knowing.
I have only been following him for close to a week.
Over the course of the past year I have been stalking him.
Miss Bishop walked through a group of men.
Miss Bishop walked through a group of twenty men.
Miss Bishop walked through a group of women, and there weren't any men present.
His lordship told her that ships came from the Jamaica fleet.
The ships of the Jamaica fleet impressed her, that's why she asked about them.
They are ships of the American fleet, his lordship answered her.
He liked the girl so he put himself in a bad position.
He placed himself in a position for a girl that didn't pay attention to him.
He put himself in his current position for a girl that was obsessed with him.
You are definitely wrong.
You may be right about several situations, but you may be wrong too.
You may be wrong but it's possible that you're right
I'm sure you didn't grant the King's commission to this man, he said cheerfully.
His tone denounced the bitterness of his resentment.
You have granted, I am told, the King's commission to the man because of his bravery.
She was blue and she kept her eyes closed all the time.
She was very pale and she kept her eyes on her hands.
She was very white because she used to live in a cold country.
So they didn't tell you about our situation!
So they've told you about the difficult situation!
So you were told about that!
He was angry because she always talks too much.
He was very happy, so she wasn't worried about his anger.
She thought she may have provoked his anger.
I am eternally thankful.
I am so happy and grateful for what you have done today.
I will forever be filled with malice and hatred.
He wanted revenge more than anything else in the world.
He would forgo the blood due to him if his mom asked him to.
He would not give up the blood he thought due to him for his daughter, mom or niece.
The Arabella came to a tiny city that was located on a barren land devoid of life.
The Arabella was located just across the harbour's edge where the rest of the city was located.
The city was a very popular location for trade as it was right near the water.
I'm not ashamed of anything that I've done, considering the provocation I've received.
I'm very ashamed of everything, I need to apologize immediately.
I've done nothing at all that I am ashamed of because I was heavily provoked.
Blood was the captain of a ship and Wolverstone was his best friend.
Wolverstone had voiced his opinion in a tone that was slow as he made his way towards Blood.
Wolverstone remained quiet as he made his way away from Blood.
Back then you had great fortune.
In the past you were an unfortunate gentleman.
You were unfortunate but now you have a better circumstance.
He had a beard that was a gold color.
He had been growing his beard for years.
His face was clean-shaven.
The woman had had enough of their bad behavior.
The woman was angry and defensive.
The woman was so delighted that she was speechless!
Captain Blood bowed silently because he was a quiet man.
Captain Blood completely ignored her presence and she didn't even notice him.
She responded to Captain Blood's greeting in a formal and calm way.
There had been problems with Bishop since the landing.
There had been trouble with Bishop because nobody likes him.
There were no problems, everything was perfectly fine.
Ogle had been waiting a long time.
Ogle was losing his patience.
Ogle was peaceful and calm.
I don't think Lord Julian was sententious, he was so dumb!
I think Lord Julian was sententious, as he used to be.
Lord Julian was sententious and wise, as I gather that he often was because of his position
I could not possibly prove to you anything at all.
I could prove this because of all the evidence I had collected without your knowledge.
I could prove to you the falsehoods that were present in the transactions.
He did not ask any questions, since he knew he had picked the best way.
He wanted to know if there was a better way.
He was convinced that he had chosen the best way.
The person wanted a lover.
The person was in a hurry.
The person was taking their time.
You must not look at the crisis happening at this very moment.
You need to pay more attention.
You really need to be aware of the emergency happening.
I have no understanding of what you did or why you did it.
You had let the ship sink, though thought not to tell me because it would make me feel sad.
You might have considered me when you did what you did.
He rose promptly, and proceeded to pull Lord Julian up to his feet.
He was feeling very tired, so he did not stand up.
Lord Julian rose, showing good manners, but he did not bother standing.
I won't keep you detained any longer, ma'am.
I'll not be detaining you any longer because it wouldn't be fair, ma'am.
You will be detained for the rest of your life, ma'am.
He let out a sign of resignation.
He remained silent as he complained about the simplicity of life.
Life is infernally complicated because of the many interactions one might have.
Colonel Bishop has done something to make Wolverstone his enemy.
He spit on the ground in an effort to emphasize his point.
Wolverstone and Colonel Bishop were close friends.
One of the only opportunities available would be surrendering the girl.
There are plenty of alternatives to solve this problem other than to hand over the girl as a hostage.
To surrender the hostage would mean certain death for her.
Everything is included in the bargain.
That is not in the bargain because it wouldn't be fair.
That isn't included in the agreement.
Calverly responded in a way that made him seem like he was on-the-fence about something.
Calverly was only indecisive in his answer because he did not know all of the facts.
Cleverly spoke with clear decisiveness, knowing that he has with certainty.
He has his own officers.
He is alone and has no officers.
His officers respect him.
She did not want him to help her, though was grateful anyway.
She had told him that resolve was what it took to keep her away from peril.
The resolve did not protect her at all from any dangers.
It is a distinguished and eminent service.
It is an honorable service because it's about saving lives.
It isn't an honorable service at all, it's very embarrassing!
She refused to even look at him.
She was afraid he would kill her.
She was looking at him.
She exclaimed with delight at just the thought of it!
She was trying not to think of the event that took place.
Thinking about the event made her shudder.
All Buccaneers in most ships are loud when yelling in unison.
The Buccaneers were loud when giving a yes.
There was no sign of the buccaneers below as they were presumed silent.
The man is acting uncivilized.
The man is calm and reasonable.
They are having a conversation.
He had heard some exciting news.
He was looking away from the Captain and then turned around to see him.
The Captain was angry.
He kept his eyes down looking at the ground.
He was surprised by her.
She was braver than he expected.
He sat in a chair in the cabin.
He sat in a green chair in the cabin.
He sat on the floor of the cabin because there weren't any chairs available.
A man was killed.
He was killed with a sword.
The man's life was spared.
Colonel Bishop was angry because the captain had stolen something.
The ships behind them belonged to friends.
There were ships chasing after them.
Colonel Bishop has heard some bad news.
Colonel Bishop is already cool.
Colonel Bishop is heated.
You are not assigned to the gun deck.
You are stationed on the gun deck.
You will only be stationed today on the gun deck.
Pitt completely ignored what was asked of him.
Pitt is the name of a dog that is very obedient.
Pitt quickly followed the order.
He had never been to Port Royal.
He spent 2 weeks in Port Royal.
He was doing repairs on his ship.
Her voice was loud and booming.
She had heard something.
She spoke quietly because she was afraid.
The man was the captain of one of the ships.
There was a fleet of ships.
There were no ships in sight.
Blood had been inside his cabin.
Blood was laughing because he was joyful.
Blood was scowling.
He knew he would be completely safe if he went ashore.
It was dangerous for him to go to shore.
There were people on shore who wanted to kill him.
I did not dream last Friday.
I did not dream.
I had three dreams.
I am definitely ungrateful to you.
I am grateful because you had done a lot for me.
One is certainly grateful.
He had heard her shout from afar.
She shouted that there was no hope for him.
There was certainly still hope for him.
It has always been a contest ever since we went about.
The race had begun ever since we were four.
There was never any race to begin with.
People were killed in the Spanish raid.
The Spanish raid was done at night.
There was never a raid on Bridgetown.
Blood is a man.
The seal remained unbroken.
The seal was broken.
Miss Bishop was alone in the garden.
Miss Bishop went to the garden in order to contemplate her life.
There was absolutely no one at the garden whatsoever.
His lordship spoke sharply.
His lordship was a mute.
His lordship was angry because I had neglected my duties.
He did not understand the threat that laid before him.
He understood very clearly, the threat that was before him.
The threat was vague because the area was covered in fog.
Jeremey had forgotten why he was so angry.
Jeremy opened his hand, revealing his palms.
Jeremy tightened his fists.
My way is the most difficult.
Someone else's way is difficult.
There is a way that is safe and easy.
She quickly fled the scene in order to avoid further scrutiny.
The fact that she was here after the fight with Wolverstone was considered an embarrassment.
Wolverstone never got into a dispute with her.
It had completely halted the gunner's intent to do anything.
The gunner had an intent to do something.
The gunner had intended to fire his weapon.
As he tried to think, Blood remained indecisive.
Blood had decided that he wanted eggs for breakfast.
Blood had quickly come to a conclusion about his situation.
I haven't spoken to his lordship in ages.
I spoke to his lordship just now.
I was in love with Miss Bishop as well.
Lord Julian dressed hurriedly in his cabin.
Lord Julian put on a clown suit in his cabin.
Lord Julian stayed naked in bed in his cabin.
He had suddenly asked a question as to who you may be.
He quietly murmured to himself the whole time.
The person was actually the devil himself.
As the lordship, he showed no mercy to his subjects.
His lordship spoke calmly to all giving the impression of a warm and gentle person.
The Lord's voice felt both distant and chilling
Captain Blood was recently promoted to his position because of the work he had done.
Perforce Bishop did not put on a strong appearance.
Perforce Bishop was to command alongside the Captain.
As he is experienced, Captain Blood helped boost morale amongst his crew members.
Captain Blood yelled to Old Wolf.
Let go! Captain Blood yelled to Old Wolf.
He has only one eye.
He has three eyes.
He only has a left eye.
The blood came from a person's eye as they had looked into the telescope.
There was blood around the telescope.
There was no sign of blood anywhere near the telescope.
The matter had been resolved.
The matter remains unresolved.
The solution to the matter was more or less there.
I want you to explain yourself! I know you know where Wolverstone is.
Wolverstone is right here. No explanation needed.
You should explain yourself! What happened to Wolverstone?
Pitt and the gunner were both excited because they had just made a huge success.
The gunner was feeling giddy as Pitt went beside him.
The gunner was feeling grim as Pitt approached him.
Blood had walked right past the helmsman, ignoring him entirely.
Blood wanted to talk to the helmsman to figure out when they would eat together.
There was a fair young man who happened to be the helmsman.
The country is merely a part of the whole, sir.
The country is not a sovereign one.
Years of chaos has rendered the land unstable.
He had armed himself as he was about to enter a more dangerous part of town.
He had lost his gun and did not have it on his person.
He had put a gun right on himself.
Ogle had attempted to give orders as though he were the Captain.
The Captain of the ship was feeling rather ill.
There was no one on the ship to give orders.
Finally, it had provided him with some grievance.
It did not provide to him, any grievances in the least.
The death of a family member had brought him much sadness.
Blood allowed the gunner to carry on with what he had to say.
Blood had put his hand up against the gunner's arm in an attempt to hold him back.
Blood needed to speak privately to the gunner.
The ship will sink unless the crew acts fast.
There is a way for them to sink.
They can not possibly sink in any circumstance.
He was feeling very worried because he had forgotten something rather important.
His composure remained steadfast as his heart filled with relief.
His heart was mostly filled with anxiety as his composure broke.
The Wolverstone completely haulted.
The Wolverstone did not come to an end.
The Wolverstone was part of an elaborate ploy.
He never desired to be anything like that dog in that one fable.
The fable is as old as time.
There was once a story about a dog and a delusive shadow.
There might have been an error to give Captain Blood his commission.
There was no mistake in providing Captain Blood with his commission.
There was the potential for error as the accountant was recently fired.
Right passed the both of them.
The bullet went cleanly through both participants.
Through the both of them.
His hand had been forcibly held by the Bishop's nieces at all times.
His hand was not held by the Bishop's nieces.
They would only hold his hand in times of great stress.
He certainly is unable to show this.
He might be able to demonstrate this.
He needed to show off his skills.
This was not what we were informed on.
We were told this.
When being told what to do, management failed to let us in on the trade secrets.
She asked how because it had seemed impossible from her perspective.
She never took interest in the talk and asked no questions.
She was suddenly interested in the conversation.
She was calm and collected, giving off no signs of impatience or worry.
She was out of breath and looking flustered for a moment.
The lady was anxious because she was in love.
He lowered his voice to a whisper.
He raised his voice so high that it could be heard for miles around.
He raised his voice.
His name was not Wade but instead, Smith.
Julian Wade was given his lordship by right of birth.
Lord Julian Wade was his name.
He completely and quite clearly, understood the situation.
He did not understand the circumstances because he was ignorant of all the facts.
I do not believe you understand the entirety of the situation.
She had told him that she was pressured.
She was feeling relaxed, as she relayed to him.
She was pressed because she had many deadlines coming soon.
Lord Julian got off the Arabella as soon as he possibly could, leaving Miss Bishop alone.
Lord Julian stayed on the Arabella in hopes to provide Miss Bishop with a ride free from interference.
Lord Julian was very interested in Miss Bishop, one may say he fancied her.
He had moved his shoulders in a sign of acceptance.
He told them that he could see it but it was not a big deal in the end.
It was clear that staying could have helped me, so no question was ever posed.
He spoke and Lord Julian raised his lion.
He was speaking in a Russian accent.
His accents were unbelievable when he spoke.
His lordship had replied after a little bit of time.
The lord was only taking his time because he needed to think of a witty response.
The lordship replied immediately and only figuratively.
He wants to see you about the Old Bear and not about the Old Wolf.
He wants to see you about the Old Wolf.
He wants to see you today about the Old Wolf.
His choice was between buying 12 chickens or 3 oxen.
His lordship believed that either choice would have had a substantial impact.
Whether or not he chose to act, his lordship did not believe it would have changed anything.
Peter is hated by the Bishop.
The Bishop and Peter are lovers.
The Bishop hates Peter because he is emotionally unstable.
All the questions were quickly decided on and a resolution was quickly created.
Ogle had many concerns, of which had yet to be satiated.
Ogle mentioned that the people asking the questions did not know what they were talking about.
Bishop was a sinister individual with no mercy.
Pitt did not say anything to them.
Pitt had altered the other that they would likely be playing into Bishop's plans.
Captain Blood was notoriously good at promoting morale.
He looked rather sad and remained quiet beside the Captain.
He shouted in shock as he stooped beside the Captain.
He is absolutely neither right nor wrong.
He is both right and wrong.
He might be right, and he might be wrong.
He did not like what you said.
He is going to punish you for those words.
He really enjoyed what you said.
He had acted rather terrible to her.
She had hidden the fact that she may have resented how he acted.
She loved the words in which he spoke to her.
A hundred men were reportedly on the frigate that left the harbour yesterday evening.
A hundred women, two feral cats, and no men were reportedly on the frigate that left the harbour yesterday evening.
All of the men were under six feet tall.
He was wrong and she said nothing.
She fixed his issue.
She was always tasked with correcting him.
Julian looked serious but was actually amused.
Julian thought the situation was funny.
Julian was being clear about his feelings.
She also would have remembered the music if she had been able.
She would have remembered the words if she had been able.
She wouldn't have recalled anything, even if she had been able.
He attempted to hide a villainous face with a less sinister facade.
He had nothing to hide and provided an appearance that was genuine.
His toxicity came from a painful upbringing.
He didn't smile at all.
He kept his mouth closed as he smiled a bit.
He smiled a bit.
The lordship just took my advice and carried his acts accordingly.
While the lordship was very smart, his grave mistake of not listening to my counsel will spell the end of the kingdom.
Your lordship has chosen to act in a manner against my advice.
The Arabella often took on only the finest of crew members.
The Arabella was no where to be seen in the Port Royal harbor as it was too small to fit the large ship.
The ship named Arabella had docked at the great harbor of Port Royal.
He gave a big hug to Lord Julian.
He tossed it to Lord Julian.
He whirled towards Lord Julian.
Good-evening to you, he mentioned to him.
He had said good morning to him out of respect.
He had wished him a good morning.
He was not affected at all.
He was shocked and taken aback.
His reaction showed that he was deeply hurt.
He asked because he was rather shocked about the whole situation.
He had shouted a question.
He never posed a question as he remained silent.
Neither one of us knows Colonel Bishop.
We are acquainted with Colonel Bishop.
We are also acquainted with Captain Blood.
Pitt wore a Batman suit.
Pitt wore a shirt and breeches.
Pitt wore a white shirt and brown breeches.
Blood said that there would not be any signs given and that the others would have to just figure it out for themselves.
Blood was engaged in a high-stakes poker game.
He had given off a sigh as Blood mentioned something about a signal.
I always knew you were easily scared, Peter.
I had never known Peter to be scared.
They heard the gunshot and knew it was headed in their direction.
Each ship had two hundred passengers.
No ships were visible anywhere.
Three white ships came.
Captain Blood had never spoken to Wolverstone before.
Captain Blood had spoken about the incident to Wolverstone previously.
The opportunity was then and now.
People from the forecastle were joining the men in the waist.
Some people believed the tale that the princess had been eaten by a dragon.
The ranks of men were dwindling, as everyone headed towards the forecastle for dinner.
The young man looked at it for exactly one minute.
The young man looked at it.
The young man's green eyes never looked at it.
Adrian wasn't sure if the panicked men would see things differently than Woverstone.
He wasn't sure if the panicked men would see things differently than Woverstone.
There was no doubt in his mind how the panicked men would see things.
No one on board the ship was shocked in any way.
The crew was at war with the people they were yielding to.
The entire crew on the ship was rather shocked at the yield.
It decreased his excitement.
It made him more excited than he had ever been.
It made him more excited.
There was no way of knowing if the boat would still move forward.
There was nothing able to slow down the ship.
We will attempt to battle over it, once we begin to sail.
I might have created the problem in the first place, though I will certainly rescue you all myself.
There was no telling how the problem could be easily resolved.
Though the problem was not caused by my own volition, I can rescue you all.
Blood said nothing to the man he encountered.
Blood wished the man a good day.
The man was old.
She did not know why he was addressing her like that.
She wanted to know why he had not spoken a single word to her.
She was good friends with him, so it hurt her that he spoke to her like that.
He is heading into danger right now.
He ran away to avoid getting into danger.
He will head into danger again tomorrow.
The officer never smiled.
The officer smiled for forty minutes.
The officer smiled.
A person who is shouting decides to fix someone else's mistake.
His Majesty's Deputy-Governer of Jamaica is already dead.
One man told the other that he had done his work perfectly and that any mistakes were his own fault.
He was generous as he had provided the others with a lot of food.
Sometimes, you can be rather generous he said with a laugh.
You are always so greedy he said with a smirk.
He had made fun of the man.
The gentleman was made fun of because he was not wearing the proper attire for the occasion.
The gentleman was never mocked before.
I was expecting your arrival said the Deputy-Governor.
The Deputy-Governor was not necessarily expecting him, though greeted him anyways.
There was some remorse when the Deputy-Governor had waved hello.
It was unacceptable to have threats, said one to the Captain.
The Captain had made a threat.
Threats will definitely suffice, Captain.
Captain Blood has 20/20 vision.
Captain Blood is blind.
Captain Blood looked at other men before he looked at Ogle.
He didn't have any arms so he asked someone else to point to the girl.
He pointed at the girl.
The girl had blonde hair.
If Ogle were smart, he would have made the Bishop fall in love with him.
Ogle was very much in love with the Bishop.
Ogle would be a fool if he had hoped to pull on the Bishop's heartstrings.
He had a profound desire to take hold of it.
He had chosen to grab it despite it being off-putting to him.
He was certainly going crazy at the idea of having to grab it.
Ogle never mentioned anyone who disliked the current course.
Some did not like the idea of the current course and refuted it, explicitly.
The course was full of territory that was left unexplored and was, therefore, very dangerous.
He never threw anything at me.
He threw them at me 48 times.
He threw them at me over and over.
He was told beforehand of Lord Julian Wade's arrival.
Not a single person was told that Lord Julian Wade was fast approaching.
While there were not many people around, Lord Julian Wade made a grand appearance.
Her voice demonstrated a calm and relaxed demeanor.
Her voice provided insight on her worry.
She was worried because there might have been a fire.
She considered hiding in either one.
She did not want to betray one so she hid in the other.
She didn't care where she hid.
She had remained silent with her encounter with him.
She had screamed out rather loudly which had surprised him.
She shouted because the gentleman was thought to be daft.
Captain Calverley didn't have any eyes.
Captain Calverley stared at another man.
Captain Calverley stared.
It doesn't matter what I think of you.
You might care what I think about you.
You should definitely care about what I think of you.
They never misunderstood each other.
They were destined to misunderstand each other.
They would always misunderstand each other.
As many said before, Wolverstone was a simple man with few words.
I felt very bubbled by the words of Wolverstone.
Wolverstone had said something that did not make one feel bubbled.
Bishop had stains of wine all over himself, as Blood approached him.
Colonel Bishop made sure to check his person.
It is likely that nothing will happen to you, said Peter.
The night was considered restful though, there was a lot of commotion later on.
The night was extremely busy as the streets were packed with people.
This evening was busier than usual because of an event being hosted.
Encouraging this, she had found many reasons as to why one would trouble themselves to defend you.
She had discouraged any form of defense that was applicable to you.
The defense that was put forth by her was insufficient.
I am going to stay here and not go ashore.
I will go ashore in the small boat alone.
I will go ashore in the small boat.
He said that he didn't have to go to Colonel Bishop to get orders.
He told them he would go to Colonel Bishop for his orders.
He told them he would go to Colonel Bishop tomorrow for his orders.
Captain Blood hastily read what the other people were thinking.
Captain Blood, for the life of him, could not figure out what was on their minds.
It is true that Captain Blood knew how to read people from taking Psychology back at his university.
She said that she does her best only on Fridays.
She said that she does her best.
She said that she never does her best.
Colonel Bishop likely did not have anything to obtain.
Colonel Bishop said something that was to be apprehended with utmost disgust.
The Bishop was supposed to apprehend a criminal.
He never questioned whether the mischief was your doing.
He questioned whether or not if the mischievous acts were caused by you.
The source of the mischief was not yours alone.
He had approved the shrewd advocacy.
He most certainly did not approve of the shrewd advocacy.
He only approved it because it was the right thing to do at the time.
He spoke with a soft tone.
Jeremy shouted very loudly to get their attention.
Jeremy was a pirate for his entire life.
Julian got off his mount as he told him that he had nothing to show.
Lord Julian had ridden his companion.
The companion of Lord Julian was a horse.
Remaining silent, Wolverstone realized that it was impossible for them to get into range.
Wolverstone attempted to captain his ship and was really close to another battle.
Wolverstone let out a curse as they realized that there was another half-mile before they were in range.
Even women think that he over-does his chivalry.
He certainly goes overboard with his chivalry.
He needs to learn to be a little more chivalrous.
He aimed his telescope at the figure in the morning.
He aimed his telescope at the figure.
He broke his telescope and therefore couldn't look at anything with it.
I also rescued 15 other people.
I rescued Miss Bishop and his lordship together.
Miss Bishop rescued me and his lordship.
Blood was asking because he was very intent on doing things his way.
Blood, without care, asked if he could.
But what if he can not? asked Blood, politely.
I might serve the king, but I won't be happy about it.
I will happily serve the king!
I will never serve the king!
Peter had an idea so genius that anyone would agree.
Peter thought he could survive jumping off of a 3 story building.
Peter was having a thought that seemed ignorant.
Captain Blood and Lord Julian stood forty feet apart.
Captain Blood stood with Lord Julian next to him.
Lord Julian was stading on Captain Blood's right.
As the boat collided with the Arabella, there was a loud sound.
The Arabella is a boat with a red exterior.
The boat had purposefully collided with the Arabella knowing it was there.
Are you not going? He asked.
Please do not go! He begged.
Why are you not leaving right now? He grunted.
She had turned towards him despite motioning to leave.
She quickly ran away from him, never to face him again.
Though offended, she had turned towards him to say one last goodbye.
An explanation is offered right away.
He said that an explanation is offered after some time.
While it takes some time, there is always an explanation given.
He drinks blood.
He has never consumed blood.
He only drinks women's blood.
Everything I say is true.
It is absolutely false.
It is true.
As the Miss never showed up, there was no need to call in the boat.
Miss had arrived rather early and as a result, the boat had yet to come ashore.
The Miss had finally arrived leaving only a need to signal the boat.
He found little safety through reading the passage on the page.
The language described in the pages are of a language native to the land.
There was some foreign language in the pages before him.
I admit that I have disagreed with Wolverstone before.
I completely side with Wolverstone on this matter.
I have never heard of a person called Wolverstone.
Ogle appears to be rather foolish, as one claimed.
Ogle was foolish in believing in the existence of Santa Claus.
One said that Ogle was certainly the smartest man he had ever met.
It should be controlled by someone.
See that no one mans it for me.
The boat's cannons were currently unmanned.
Blood got into a bathtub and sailed away.
Blood got into a boat.
Blood got into a purple boat.
He encountered Miss Bishop.
He never encountered Miss Bishop.
Miss Bishop was wearing red shoes.
He told Ogle that his station is always in the galley.
He told Ogle that his station is on the gun-deck.
Ogle is always stationed on the gun-deck.
Captain Blood was nowhere to be found.
He could see Captain Blood.
The officer had a mustache.
Never once did she turn around to look at him.
She was walking towards him, coming to a halt once near.
She went ahead of him by walking in the same direction.
Wolverstone did not laugh.
Wolverstone laughed.
Wolverstone thought that was funny.
The museum does not like being labelled.
The museum is not a fan of brochures.
The strong point of the museum is the catalogues.
Polar bears are attracted to changing leaves.
You can see polar bears in the autumn.
You will not see polar bears in the autumn.
All of the Canal Motorboats BV dealers in this city have closed up shop.
There are two dealerships for Canal Motorboats BV in this city.
There used to be only one Canal Motorboats BV location, but increased business warranted an expansion.
Beijing has open-air markets that include very interesting shops.
The open-air markets in Beijing are the most interesting in the world.
The strict laws in Beijing prohibit open-air markets within the city limits.
New Brunswick became a province because it had enough people.
New Brunswick was a province in 1784.
New Brunswick was not a province in 1784.
You can see boats at the top of the hill.
You can see views of the coastline at the top of the hill.
You cannot see the coast from the top of the hill.
The water and the beach are always clean.
The water and the beach may be dirty.
The water is dirty because of pollution.
In the fall and summer, the San Francisco Ballet is on break.
The NYC Ballet has performances in June.
The San Francisco Ballet has performances during more than one season.
The Perfume Factory has been in production since 1954.
The Perfume Factory is behind the South African Area.
`The Perfume Factory is in front of the South African area.
None of the skyscrapers on the Golden Mile are banks.
The skyscrapers on the Golden Mile are banks.
The skyscrapers on the Golden Mile are different types of businesses, including banks.
Kids will like the exhibits about boats.
The kids will hate every bit of it.
The kids will like being able to build minature boats.
Canada had safer skies.
Canada's skies were free from missiles.
Canada's skies were more dangerous.
Althrough the pineapples tasted great the shipping costs were too high to bring them to market.
The Bahamian citrus was just a huge success, just as everyone had predicted.
The Bahamian citrus was not as great as everyone had hoped.
Only twenty five people visited the Ming Tombs last year.
The Ming Tombs are inaccessible regions of the Egyptian pyramids.
The Ming Tombs are no longer a great tourist attraction.
Andrea Doria was a great admiral.
The Mediterranean has no good ports.
The summer season has the best ports.
All of these trails are located within the a one hour drive of each other.
Glasgow Lakes trail is considered to be one of the worst trails.
The John Deer Lake trail is one of the better hiking trails.
They are bitter and resentful to everyone now that they have to share the coast.
They have to share the coast with other people now.
They used to own five hundred miles of coastal frontage.
Kublai Khan erected a capital in Taiwan.
Kublai Khan has treasures in Beijing.
Kublai Khan was a well respected man.
The Na Pali Coast can be a challenging hike
The Na Pali Coast is an ugly but easy hike.
The Na Pali Coast is one of the hardest and most beautiful hikes in the world.
Eastern European Jews assimilate well with everyone.
The Jews are not wanted by the rest of the community.
The Jews assimilated easier with the Anglo community.
Do not get into the plot in advance; it will spoil the fun later.
Try to understand the plot in advance, if you can.
You will find the class easier if you understand the plot of the book.
The Seven Gables is the best sight to see.
There are more sights to see.
You must not go beyond these sights.
The 2 mile sound could have been caused by many things, including a volcanic eruption.
The 2 mile sound was definitely not caused by a volcanic eruption.
The 2 mile sound was probably caused by a volcanic eruption.
He is buried more than 20m underground.
He was an important public figure.
His burial vaults are made from wood.
It is a good idea to have a translator with you.
There is a language problem that might intimidate you.
You do not have to worry about language issues there, since everyone speaks English.
Napoleon spared the monastery at Montserrat because he respected sacred shrines.
Napoleon was responsible for the destruction of the monastery at Montserrat.
The monastery at Montserrat was built using stone and mortar.
Hide your possessions from the monkeys.
The monkeys are very interested in many things, including your posessions.
You do not need to hide your possessions from the monkeys.
The Sailor's House is an ancient building found in the prince's garden.
The Sailor's House was designed by a famous Italian architect.
The prince's garden is home to the building called the Sailor's House.
Milreu was 10 miles from anything.
Milreu was out in the country.
Milreu was right in the heart of the city.
Greece has never been ruled by a military dictator.
Greece is one of the countries in the world that has had a dictator.
Greece's economy did not do so well under the military dictatorship of Metaxas.
Sant Pau does not have Romanesque lines.
Sant Pau has Romanesque lines.
Sant Pau has churches.
It is easily intimidated by any sudden movements.
It is fearless, and will not be moved by anything.
The slightest movement and that's it; it is gone.
Greece population was glad that the country joined the Common Market.
Greece's entry into the Common Market marked the downfall of its economy.
Greece's entry into the Common Market was good for its economic outlook.
The refurbishment program will end before the year 2001 begins.
The refurbishment program will not be done till well after the year 2000 ends.
When the refurbishment program ends, it will have lasted five years.
Sea temperature are always changing, but they do not go below freezing temperature.
Sea temperatures are always at one fixed point all year-round.
See temperatures are higher during the day, when it is warmer.
The Kinabalu national park has ten elephants and six rhinos.
The state has protected regions, which include the Kinabalu national park.
There is a total of three protected regions in the state.
Sofias is close to the Megaro Mousikis Metro station.
Sofias is inside the Megaro Mousikis Metro station.
Sofias is within a stone throw of the Megaro Mousikis Metro station.
Greece and its people have never figured out how to build temples.
It took two decades and five thousand men to build the Olympieion temple.
The Olympieion is the site of one of the temples that were built in Greece.
The Pble Espanyol is only for adults.
The Poble Espanyol has places to eat close to it.
The Poble Espanyol is fun for the whole family.
The staff works to eliminate the flamingos.
The staff works to increase how many flamingos are on the island so they can recover from near extinction.
The staff works to increase how many flamingos are on the island.
Singel was a tourist location.
Singel was an inner city.
Singel was an outer barrier.
The building does not have a slide show.
The building does several things, including hosting a 3d slide show.
The building has a 3D slide show about the city's history.
The mountains constantly have landslides for the harbors aren't easily built there.
The mountains make it hard to build harbors.
There are 27 harbors along the mountains
The Dora Stratou Folk Dance Theater is selling tickets for the May-September festival.
The auditorium on Philopappos Hill is closed from May to September.
There will be dance activities on Philopappos Hill from May to September.
You will not see photographs.
You will see photographs.
You will see some of the first photographs.
The church had a $100000 remodeling project.
The church is a very modern style.
The church looks like Baroque style.
A few mountains, including the Scafell Pike, are fully submerged in the lake.
The lake is close to England's highest mountain - Scafell Pike.
The peak of Scafell Pike is a great spot for viewing the lake.
The collection has a few European and Puerto Rican art pieces.
The collection has no European and Puerto Rican art.
The collection of Euorpean and Puerto Rican art is the best in the Carribean
There are not that many hotel options for people visiting Treasure Beach.
There is one four star hotel available for tourist who visit Treasure Beach.
Treasure Beach is one of the many resorts in the area.
Bona features the kecak dance prominently.
Bona is the home of the kecak dance.
The kecak dance is not from Bona.
Nevada Fall is a crowded area.
Nevada Fall is a great place to avoid crowds.
Nevada Falls is a great hike with a few people on it.
It is always 100 degrees or hotter in the summer.
It's usually 75 in the summer.
It's warm temperatures during the summer time.
People never throw money in because it's bad luck.
People throw coins in even though the sign says not to.
People throw coins into the water.
There are no famous jazz clubs in Los Angeles.
There are several famous jazz clubs in Los Angeles.
There aren't many jazz clubs in Los Angeles.
Karl-Marx-Allee has seen better days.
Karl-Marx-Allee is falling apart.
Karl-Marx-Allee is in pristine shape.
They've banned all dolphins at the resort.
You can swim with dolphins who can do crazy tricks.
You can swim with the dophins at the resort.
Nafplio has a good view.
Nafplio is a bad base.
Nafplio is a perfect base.
Culebra is halfway between Puerto Rico and St. Thomas in the US Virgin Islands.
Culebra is located nowhere near Puerto Rico and St. Thomas in the US Virgin Islands.
Culebra is somewhere between Puerto Rico and St. Thomas in the US Virgin Islands.
Umeda is not part of the entertainment district.
Umeda is the largest part of the entertainment district.
Umeda is the north end of the entertainment district.
No one built the Canadian Pacific Railway, it was created by alients.
Some of the people that live there are family of the laborers that built the railway.
The great great grandkids of the laborers live there.
The 1896 Neo-Gothic Calvinist Church features many panoramas.
The 1896 Neo-Gothic Calvinist Church has a few panoramas.
The 1896 Neo-Gothic Calvinist Church has no panoramic views.
The Saguenay River was part of the coal market.
The Saguenay River was part of the fur trade by the French to the Spanish.
The Saguenay River was part of the fur trade.
100 barrels of gunpowder disappeared.
100 barrels of gunpowder was never used.
100 barrels of gunpowder was owned by the English.
Brahma is a Christian apostle.
Brahma is part of the Hindu trinity.
Brahma is the most important part of the trinity.
Balza's home and Delacroix's studio are the best things to see in the area.
Balzac's home and Delacroix's studio are not in this location.
Balzac's home and Delacroix's studio are worth checking out.
10000 people died in the war.
The war was months long.
The war was over in just a day.
The Spartans defeated the Persians at Thermopylae.
The Spartans delayed the Persian army at Thermopylae.
The Spartans killed many of the Persian army at Thermopylae.
Otto Frank got captured on the second day.
Otto Frank hid for more than 25 months.
Otto Frank hid until the Nazis found him.
The tea kettles are ugly and it's so boring to learn about them.
You will like the tea kettles that are hundreds of years old.
You'll like the tea kettles because they are colorful and pretty.
Fairly popular sifhts include the new lion exhibit, snow leopard and cheetah exhibits, and an African tropical rain forest.
The best things to check out are the new lion exhibit, snow leopard and cheetah exhibits, and an African tropical rain forest.
There is no new lion exhibit, snow leopard and cheetah exhibits, or African tropical rain forest at the facility.
The building is very old and basic.
The building uses a lot of engineering technology to keep it from sliding into the ocean.
The building's location is really interesting.
Some of the antiques are shown.
You can touch some of the imperial armor.
You can't see anything old on display.
Weltkugelbrunnen is made of aluminum.
Weltkugelbrunnen is made of granite that is very black and shiny.
Weltkugelbrunnen is made of granite.
The Zenith hosts 1000 concerts a year.
The Zenith is a big concert hall.
The Zenith is a train station.
The protests all ended in the 50's.
There were protests in the 70's.
There were racial protests in the 70's.
Sqamish has never had a log-rolling contest.
Squamish is famous for log-rolling contests.
Squamish is were log-rolling contests started.
The Loyal Senate building is beautiful.
The Loyal Senate building is modern architecture.
The Loyal Senate building is very tall and white.
It happens again in mid-August.
It happens again on Tuesday, August 15.
It never happens again.
Coniera is 3 square miles.
Coniera is in the Atlantic Ocean.
Coniera is in the Sant Antoni Bay.
All of the beaches are private.
Some beaches are public.
The public beaches for $5.
The emperor got Jerusalem for $1million.
The emperor got Jerusalem in a trade.
The emperor traded for Persia.
Hawthorne lived on Main Street.
Hawthorne lived on Pinckney Street for 7 years.
Hawthorne lived on Pinckney Street.
Boot is a small city.
Boot is near the La'al Ratty.
Boot is very far from all of the railways.
The gate was built so they could charge people.
The gate was for people to charge $10 to go through.
The gate was just a triumphal arch.
A lot of the music is drums.
The music is mainly flutes.
The snare drum is in all the music.
Kuala Perlis was 17 miles south.
Kuala Perlis was straight north of Kangar.
Kuala Perlis was to the south.
The two towers were built with limestone.
There are two towers that were built in the 14th century.
There is only one tower and it's brand new.
The Moors got economic help from Almohads.
The Moors got help from Almohads.
The Moors were independent and did it all alone.
One Vegas coffee house was built in 1940.
There's one coffee house in Vegas that's older than the rest.
Vegas has no coffee houses.
You aren't allowed to buy those for yourself.
You can buy them and make a roof.
You can buy those peaks for the castle roofs.
Bad things will happen to those people.
The pictures show what lovely things will happen to them.
Those people will be killed immediately.
Boats aren't allowed in the Boston Harbor.
There are cruises in the Boston Harbor.
There are very long cruises around the Boston Harbor.
Only huge highways go to the ocean.
The ocean has little paths that are 2 feet wide leading to it.
The sea has lanes  leading to it that aren't very wide.
The Spanish people had 100 people helping.
The Spanish people had no help.
The Spanish people made a beachhead.
It's much safer to cycle in Paris now compared to 10 years ago.
It's safer to cycle in Paris.
It's still incredibly dangerous to cycle in Paris.
The beach near Batu Hitam has beautiful white sand.
There are no beaches anywhere near Batu Hitam.
There's a beach near Batu Hitam.
James Cook never went west of California.
James Cook traveled to Hawaii.
James Cook went to every Hawaiian island.
People in the village dress up like it's colonial times.
There are people dressed up in the village.
You don't get to go into the villages
You can only buy, not rent, boats.
You can rent little boats.
You can rent one passenger boats.
Everyone is always fighting, all the time.
People get along because they are paid to keep the peace.
People get along well.
The cross is just 200 pounds.
The cross is made out of solid stone.
The cross weighs almost 200,000 tons.
Noske wanted the movement to stop before he lost power.
Noske wanted things to continue right away.
Noske wanted to stop what was happening.
No one ever visits Bali.
Tour groups go to Bali a lot.
Tour groups go to see the temples in Bali.
There are no temples in the areas.
There are some little temples.
There are some tiny temples only one person can fit in.
The land was hard.
The land was soft.
They could have tried harder.
The chimney is not an indicator that the village used to be part of a hacienda.
The chimney, among other things, indicate the village used to be part of a hacienda.
The chimneys indicate the village was part of a hacienda.
The walls have 100000 tiles on them.
There are a ton of little tiles there.
There is nothing decorative there.
The painting aspires to turn the church into a Gothic cathedral.
The painting was created by an artist who was drunk at the time.
The painting would turn the church into a harem.
The a5 coin is incredibly rare.
The a5 coin was British.
The a5 coin was from China.
All the Athenians wanted to stop the war.
Some Athenians wanted to declare war.
Some Athenians wanted to start a war against the new king of macedonia.
The acoustics are great for singing.
The acoustics are just a mess in that place.
The acoustics make things loud.
The instruments are violin, bass, and saxophone.
The orchestra consists of the instruments mentioned before.
The orchestra does not use instruments at all.
Fishermen have a permit to catch the fish.
You can just catch whatever you want, whenever you want.
You have to have a permit to catch fish that are bigger than 6 inches.
The faaade was in King Tut's tomb.
The faaade was in the Temple of Ramses II and is made of solid gold.
The faaade was in the Temple of Ramses II.
Do not visit villages.
Visit all of the villages.
Visit some villages.
Fire if you think that you need to at any time.
Only shoot if someone near you has a gun and fires a shot at your head.
Only shoot if you have to.
You can hike alone any time.
You should only hike with a guide because there are dangerous animals.
You should probably only hike with a guide.
PEople like to party after the fish.
People go fishing and then go right to sleep.
People like to drink a lot of beer at the bars after they go fishing.
People think the islands should be left alone.
The islands are caught in the middle of a war.
We should keep the islands involved.
The National Historical Museum has a lot of artifacts from post-Classical times.
The National Historical Museum has some old farm equipment.
The National Historical Museum only has recent things.
Everyone agreed the food was terrible.
One guy in jail said he liked the jail food a lot.
One prisoner said he would eat the food every day if he could.
The gods always talked to the oracle about every legal matter.
The gods and the oracle never spoke or worked together.
The gods talked to the oracle.
CArrer dels Banys Nous is named for a forest.
Carrer dels Banys Nous has a hot springs.
Carrer dels Banys Nous is named for baths.
Albuferia is bustling and crazy!
Albuferia is quaint because cars aren't allowed there.
Albuferia is quaint.
Whitehorse used mainly horse carriages for transportation.
Whitehorse was territorial capital.
Whitehorse was the name of a potent alcoholic beverage.
Errol Flynn bought an island.
Errol Flynn did not buy an island.
Errol Flynn was rich.
Canada has never welcomed refugees.
Canada was known for welcoming immigrants and refugees.
Canada welcomed refugees from African countries the most.
Computer CIty is not located in the Star House.
Computer City is located in the Star House.
Computer City is the most impressive thing in the Star House.
Cala Mondrage is developed.
Cala Mondrage is not developed.
Cala Mondrage lacks sewers.
A church, chapel, and hexagonal tower represent the city's post-war rebirth.
The marketplace represents the city's post-war rebirth.
These structures were built by the greatest architect in the world.
Pierre was appointed but had to arrest himself for selling to the Americans.
Pierre was arrested for selling to the Americans among other things.
Pierre was never arrested.
The shops all serve some of the best food in the city.
The shops in the nearby streets are interesting.
The shops nearby are duller than any others around.
The collection is growing, but not as fast as it did last year.
The collection of clubs is dull and looks the same as all the others.
The growing collection of clubs are unique and have a more urban edge.
McKim Mead designed the mansion.
The mansion cost 2 million dollars to build.
The mansion was built by Adam Sandler.
The shrines all worship Muhammed.
The shrines serve meatloaf on mondays.
There are three shrines dedicated to various deities.
The churches are also daycare centers for children.
The churches are on the left side of the road.
Two churches can be found on the right side of the road.
The museum is across the street from the Egyptian museum.
The museum is near the Egyptian museum.
The museum is very far from the museum about Egypt.
The Stampede had nothing to do with cattle.
The Stampede was intended to show cattle roping techniques.
The Stampede was intended to show the techniques of farm life.
Nearly 100 thousand people come to check out the city every day.
Only 50 thousand people come to check out the city on a day to day basis.
The city does not have a great tourism industry.
The city hall was replaced by a government center.
The city hall, and other buildings, were replaced by a government center.
The government center was replaced by city hall.
The statue is made entirely of marble.
The statue of the city founder was built in 1898.
The statue was built in the year 1775.
The road goes from Payangan to Batur.
The road is 15 miles from Payangan to Batur.
The road never reaches Batur.
MIT is where the world's most successful students attend college.
MIT was founded in 1861.
MIT was founded when Jesus was born.
The Parque de Palapas is where people have barbecues all the time.
The locals can be joined during the weekends in the Parque de Palapas.
You can't ever go to the Parque de Palapas, it is forbidden.
James Wilson Marshall did nothing special.
James Wilson Marshall did something special.
James Wilson Marshall invented something.
The Perak Tong was built by a Buddhist priest.
The Perak Tong was built by a Buddhist.
The Perak Tong was not built by a Buddhist.
Kodaly kerend is decorate with Classical gures and inlaid motifs.
The Kodaly Kerend is decorated with several things, including gures and motifs.
The Kodaly kerend is not decorated with gures and motifs.
National unity doesn't matter at all.
National unity is more important than everything else combined.
National unity is never the first priority.
The Parliament is located here.
The Parliament was never housed here.
The Parliament was strongly considered for this location.
It's cheaper to buy stuff here because there is no tax.
It's cheaper to buy stuff here.
This place is more expensive than anywhere!
Ramses II was leader for decades.
Ramses II was only in power for a year.
Ramses II was the longest-ruling king.
The Montesserant is a river.
The Montesserat are mountains.
The Mountesserat mountains are the tallest in the area.
Coupons are given out on the beach at night, hoping for customers the next day.
Coupons are given out on the beach, hoping for long term customers.
Coupons are given out on the beach, hoping to attract customers at night.
The Rejan is crystal-clear.
The Rejan is over 300 miles long.
The rejan is just a little puddle.
The living area is through a tunnel that is almost a mile long.
The living area is through a tunnel.
The living area is up some stairs in the attic.
The Megaron is a concert hall.
The Megaron is the bigget concert hall in the country.
The megaron is a train station
The market is called Mercat de la Cantaloupe.
The market sells lots of fruits and vegetables.
There is a market called Mercat de la Concepcie.
If you go to the museum, you can hear the Watergate tapes when you do the audiotour.
The watergate tapes have never been heard by the public.
You can hear the Watergate tape for yourself.
The theater is on the last street on the south end of town.
The theater is on the north side.
The theater is towards the south side.
The building had no basement.
The building hid the SS guard houses.
The building was over the SS guard houses.
The art project is really fascinating.
This is a fascinating project.
This is so boring!
Lagun Nichupte is a desert.
Laguna Nichupte is 10 acres of water.
Laguna Nichupte is a body of water.
No one cares about the cars anymore.
The cars are shiny and sparkly.
The cars get a lot of visitors.
The Depression lasted for more than ten years.
The province was close to starvation during the Depression.
The province was known for being home to some of the wealthiest families in the region.
The Olympics have never been in Europe.
The Olympics in Spain were the most popular of that decade.
The Olympics were in Spain in 1992.
The actors are paid ten dollars a day to pretend to be pilgrims.
The parts of sailor and pilgrims are filled by actors.
The sailors and pilgrims were all one hundred percent authentic.
The building has a huge iron weathervane.
The building is most known for it's fence.
There is a weathervane on top of the building.
Quetico has no water in it.
There are 29 waterways in Quetico.
There are a lot of waterways in Quetico.
The Hong Kong Park was a path that goes to it.
The path is 5 miles to the Hong Kong Park.
There are no paths that go to Hong Kong Park.
Everyone likes the chairlift.
No one likes the chairlift.
The chairlift in the ski slope is really popular.
The phone line is manned by five people.
The phone line is manned on weekdays.
The phone line is open 24/7.
The island is 100 square miles.
The island was never peaceful.
The island was very quiet.
Chaac-Mool gave offerings to the towns people.
Chaac-Mool got offerings from people because he was the most important god.
Chaac-Mool got offerings from people.
Alaior has 100 white houses.
Alaior has a lot of white houses.
Alaior is all little black houses.
Siefok is 100,000 residents.
Siefok is on the north coast.
Siefok is on the south coast.
The steps go up to the highest point in the church.
There are 90 steps.
There are just 3 steps.
They don't ever go out with friends, but just stay inside alone.
They like to hang out with people.
They like to talk to the people they work with.
It lists 10 planks of wood.
Two planks get lifted by a robot.
Two planks get lifted.
The second tower has the stock exchange in it.
The second tower is 1000 feet tall.
There is just one tower.
The buses alternate which stop they end at.
The buses always stop at Isidoro Macabich.
The buses top at one of two stations.
Cheap clothes are for sale in Laleli if you go to the right boutiques.
Cheap clothes are for sale in Laleli.
Laleli has the most expensive clothes.
The indoor skating rinks opened 10 years ago.
There is nowhere to ice skate.
You can skate indoor in a couple of places.
It was so light you could carry it in your pocket.
It was the heaviest weapon they had ever invented.
It was very heavy
No trace of the Liao capital at Beijing has survived to modern times.
The Fayuan Temple from the Liao capital is still standing today.
The Fayuan Temple receives more than five hundred visitors every day.
The visitors all stay far away from the cathedral.
Visitors like the area around the cathedral.
Visitors like the flowers around the cathedra.
There is a list about beaches.
There is a list that explains all about how nice the sand is at each beach.
We only have one beach.
Caldas de Monchique is a terrible setting for a picnic.
Caldas de Monchique serves food.
There are woods around Caldas de Monchique.
The cruise is much longer than it used to be.
The cruise is two hours long.
The cruise only last 17 minutes.
Occasionally a visitor is crushed by an improperly manipulated machine.
The Spectrum section has an area to manipulate various machines.
The Spectrum section is strictly off limits to visitors.
The towns around Barbizon are the most populated.
There are only 10 people in Gorges d'Apreamont.
There aren't as many people in the towns near Barbizon.
There have never been pirates in the Caribbean.
There were 100 pirate ships in Puerto rico.
There were pirates in the Carribbean.
The tourism people think the area needs a better name because the old one sounds dumpy.
The tourism people want to give the area a new name.
They want to keep the name the same because it's so great.
The Palace of Fine Arts is a huge stone building.
The Palace of Fine Arts is all original.
The Palace of Fine Arts was restored.
Number 8 was a little white house.
Number 8 was in the middle in the street.
Number 8 was on the corner.
The snake eventually died from complications related to diabetes.
The snake lived near the entrance to the temple and ate honey cakes.
The snake would only eat pilgrims attempting to gain access to the temple.
The Church got a lot of monetary support from Francis of Assisi.
The Church hated Francis of Asssisi.
The Church was close with Francis of Assisi.
The wall goes up and down the mountains.
The wall is big and made of stone.
The wall is on the flat ground.
The museum focuses on toys.
The museum has 100 cars.
The museum has antique cars.
Madrid doesn't yet have a collection.
Madrid has the best collection
Madrid's collection has 500 pieces.
The Maritime Museum deals with history.
The Maritime Museum has 100 years of history covered in its exhibits.
The Maritome Museum only deals with new ships.
Porcelain is less than furniture and silver.
Porcelain used to be even more than 122.
Porcelain was more than furniture and silver.
10000 people lived in Europe in the Stone Age.
PEople didn't move to Europe until 1000 years after the Stone Age.
Peopel lived in Europe during the Stone Age.
Pok-Ta-Pok has 18 holes of golf to play.
Pok-Ta-Pok is just a basketball court.
Pok-Ta-Pok was played by all the most famous golfers.
Dam Square  didn't used to be landlocked.
Dam Square was always landlocked.
Dam Square wasn't landlocked when the river ran past it.
The ten year olds are idiots.
The ten year olds know all about science.
The ten year olds know what they're talking about.
The street has a giant resort.
The street has a lot of hotels.
The street only has small hotels and palaces to stay.
Temple of Heaven Park is kind of new.
Temple of Heaven Park was named that in 2010.
The Temple of Heaven Park burned down.
Old nickelodeons are boring for film buffs.
Old nickelodeons are interesting for film buffs.
Old nickelodeons should be owned by film buffs.
Boats were developed that would make trade easier.
Boats were developed to keep the the incoming ships far away.
Boats were developed to make it easy to get to incoming ships.
The Komische Oper is in Australia.
The Komische Oper is in Germany.
The Komische Oper is the most famous one in Germany.
Miramar has pretty homes.
Miramar is a dump.
Miramar is where rich people live.
Harvard Square is dangerous at night.
Harvard Square is the best at night.
Harvard Square isn't great at night.
California was really hurt by the bad economy.
California's economy has always thrived.
No one in California had jobs.
The Caste War involved the Mayans.
The Mayans were totally peaceful.
The mayans killed hundreds of white settlers.
There are no monkeys in the place.
They have 200 monkeys there.
They have monkeys there.
They are decorated with sequins and stickers.
They are decorated.
They are totally plain.
Xlapak has 20 palaces.
Xlapak has one palace.
Xlapak is a palace that is made of gold.
Liberalism came to spain in 1920.
Liberalism didn't come to Spain until later.
Spain has never been liberal.
The town is an angry, terrible place.
The town is friendly.
The town is so pleasant I never want to leave.
People like to eat meals in the garden.
People line up to eat in the garden.
THe garden is smelly so no one wants to eat in it.
The churches are all very different.
The two churches both have big tall steeples.
Two churches are the same.
There are a lot of 4 star restaurants.
There are a lot of place to go both day and night.
There is nothing to do there at night.
Barcino-Barcelona is the focus of a virtual history multimedia film.
Unfortunately the film about Vincent Van Gogh is not for viewing by visitors.
Visitors at the Natural History Museum can see a film about Barcino-Barcelona.
Flag Hill his very high compared to the rest of town.
Flag Hill is above the sea level.
Flag Hill is below sea level.
It's not safe to eat food outside.
You can eat wherever you want since the monkeys are scared of people.
You shouldn't eat food out in the open.
Potter's Cay is a very small island.
Potter's Cay is huge!
Potter's Cay is only 3 square miles.
Charlottetown hosted leaders who were changing the maritime industry.
Charlottetown hosted leaders.
Charlottetown was most famous in 2019.
Amsterdam is famous.
Amsterdam is the most famous city in the world.
Amsterdam is very basic.
Rocroi is where the Spanish people won.
Rocroi saw 1000 Spanish troops killed.
Rocroi was where the Spanish were beaten.
The square had nowhere to sit.
There's a square near the church.
There's a square that has ten benches in it.
Rum never has fruit flavors added.
There are fruity rums.
There are rums made of any tropical fruit.
All of the venues have child-friendly events.
There are places that have strip tease shows.
There are places to that have adult performances.
Acropolis was the center and heart of ancient Athens.
The Acropolis was the most important building in all of Ancient Greeek culture.
The Parthenon was the heart and center of ancient Athens located at the bottom of a hill.
The men next to Jesus were bad people.
The men next to Jesus were innocent.
There were three people on crosses.
The Indian culture uses ball games as social gatherings.
They haven't discovered open spaces since 1932.
They play ball in Indian culture.
The terrain has caves.
The terrain has slopes.
The terrain is flat.
It's best to go to Saronic islands in spring, summer, and fall.
The Saronic Islands don't have a season.
The Saronic islands have a distinct season.
It's best to book 6 months ahead of your visit.
It's best to book early.
You can just book when you are there.
PEople go to the islands for a short time.
You can visit the islands for an hour.
You have to go to the islands for a week or not at all.
Chinatown is on the water in San Diego.
Chinatown is on the water.
Chinatown is very far from the water.
Mount Parnassus is 100 miles from the city.
Mount Parnassus is only a 10 minute drive from the city
Mount Parnassus isn't a terribly long drive.
You aren't allowed to play where the high rollers play.
You can gamble in Vegas.
You can gamble.
Museums are laid out poorly.
Museums are laid out well.
Museums are laid out within walking distance.
The playing location is a one hour drive away.
There are several places in town where new people can play.
There is nowhere for new people to play in town.
IT was just for church.
It had court held there for divorces and family matters.
It had court held there.
The road was curvy
The road was so curvy that it was hard to drive on.
The road was totally straight.
City Hall is 2 blocks east of the terminal.
City Hall is near the ferry terminal.
City Hall is very far from the terminal.
You can see a ton of it still.
You can't see much of it left in Beijing.
You can't see much of the original paint in Beijing.
The city also has a university and a harbor that are interesting.
The city was just constructed a few years ago and does not have much history.
There are many historical buildings that are interesting.
Commercial activity and pedestrians are prohibited in Passeig de Gracia.
Shopping prices in these areas are slightly higher than other nearby areas.
There are shopping areas in the uptown segment of La Rambla.
Local governments get to make up their own rules.
Local governments have zero requirements.
There are additional audit requirements issues by local governments.
By consolidating human resources systems, room was created for new corporate structures.
Corporate structures were created.
Human resource systems were expanded beyond their previous state.
There are resources available for these tasks.
There is no available funding for the work.
There is not enough funding for the work.
The security group averages 9 sessions a month.
The security group conducts a session every single day of the month.
The security group conducts multiple sessions a year.
The statistics in this paper are based on a 2001 report.
The statistics in this paper are outdated.
This paper includes data on rural routes.
Each element the executive is tested on could result in different ratings.
Executives can't fail.
Executives must get rated well in order to continue.
Engineering had a preliminary period.
Engineering occurred only in a final stage.
Without a preliminary period, engineering will likely fail at the later stages.
Organizations have no idea how to manage their info.
Organizations manage their data by hiring data scientists.
Organizations manage their information resources in several ways.
Title 7 deals with air travel.
Title 7 deals with travel claims.
Title 7 is about cookies.
Health endpoints increased the number of patients entering hospitals.
Health endpoints reduced the number of people in some hospitals.
Health endpoints saved hospital's money.
Government representatives are changing their approach.
Government representatives are trying to increase their power by thinking differently.
Government representatives refuse to change their ways of life.
Case files are only allowed to be in English.
Case files can be put in Chinese or Russian.
Case files can be put in other languages.
C-R functions can be pooled by scientists.
C-R functions must work separately.
There are a lot of C-R functions that work together.
Disagreeing in the entry interview won't get you the job.
The entry interview doesn't mention anything about advertising mail.
The entry interview includes a bit about how people react to advertising mail.
The majority of our efforts are already in motion.
We have nothing else planned for the future.
We have something planned.
They guessed about the user cost.
They guessed the user costs were $10000.
They knew the exact user costs.
They deleted the computer files from the IBM.
They deleted the original computer files.
They kept all the original files.
The workshare services are in more demand in July.
The workshare services have no demand at all.
The workshare services have varying supply.
A design study never occurred.
A design study was conducted in isolation.
The design study was not successful.
The representative visited for an hour.
There was a visit by a representative.
We never got a visit.
The choice of whether or not a person will save is affected by their wealth.
Wealth and savings are not normally related in any way.
Wealthy people are more likely to save a larger portion of their income.
Only two of the nine agencies bothered to respond to our questions about participation.
There were nine agencies that responded affirmatively that they participated.
These nine agencies are pleased that they had such a high participation level.
Households all earned $10000 more last year.
Households have been losing a lot of wealth.
Households have gotten a lot more wealthincome ratio.
Even though there were two mergers, there was no need for the company to undergo a restructure of their company hierarchy.
Merging two companies into one organization and restructuring resulted in a chaotic work environment.
We examined a company that experienced two mergers and had to quickly restructure to meet their business demands.
The basic category is more than cost.
The price is 10% more than cost.
The price is always less than cost.
The CIO has many duties, including managing expectations and making sure members understand their responsibilities.
The CIO has no idea what the responsibilities of members are and isn't responsible for informing them.
The CIO must communicate frequently with members to outline their responsibilities.
We knew the payment would take forever.
We thought the payment might go through before verification.
We thought the payment might go too early and we'd get defrauded.
It only took two months to retrofit it.
It took 13 months to retrofit the boiler for the submarine.
It took 13 months total to retrofit the boiler.
Advanced scheduling software is one of the key technologies businesses focus on.
Technology is just a tool and not a business enabler.
These businesses place a great emphasis on technology.
The SAB ignored the topic completely.
The SAB talked about how important it was to the country.
The SAB talked about it.
The cost of basic mail is required to be more than the worksharing.
Worksharing is more than it costs to mail things.
You can guess than the worksharing costs is less than basic mail.
There are way too many IT workers.
There aren't enough IT workers because they all went to India.
There aren't enough IT workers to fill the jobs.
The literature can change how we test samples.
The literature can change the research in the future.
There's nothing else to do in terms of changing research.
It's obvious how much bias there is.
You can't know how much bias exists because it's hard to separate from other outside influences.
You cant know how much bias there is.
The lines calculate that the welfare level of the mailers is 10%.
The lines don't show anything other than the route.
The lines show how much welfare is in all the mailers.
Centrelink didn't how how to address the problem.
Centrelink had a lot of strategies to teach people how to report income because the government was losing a lot of money in mistakes.
Centrelink had a lot of strategies to teach people how to report income.
Then they could show how the design worked.
They could show the company that it wasn't smart to build new factories.
They had no idea how to demonstrate the impact of investments.
The technical cost effects are figured one way.
They haven't figured out how to calculate technical cost effects.
They use the historical data to calculate the technical cost effects.
It doesn't matter what you do, the workers will hear what they want to hear.
It's a bad message if you don't show the workers that their voices are heard.
It's a bad message to send to the workers if you don't do that.
Chapter four contains a practice exercise on managing risk.
The book contains no information about long term risk management.
This exercise must be completed and turned in by the end of the week.
No one in South Carolina worked together.
SC worked together.
The democrats and republicans in South Carolina are working together.
A county employee can help people
A county employee will help do genealogy research.
No one will be there to help with the research.
They estimated the benefits.
They had  rough estimate of the benefits but it was likely wrong.
They had no idea how to estimate the benefits.
Downtime can be reduced by using innovative construction plans.
Facility owners are not concerned with minimizing down time.
More efficient inventory storage is a key part of minimizing down time.
The CIO said only public interest work was ok.
The CIO said which work was ok.
The CIO stayed out of any discussions about what work was allowed.
The Board didn't give the SBA certifications and they left that up to the assessor's office.
The Board didn't give the SBA certifications.
The Board handed out SBA certifications every day to whoever asks for one.
Program personnel cut all the workshops last year.
Program personnel host workshops for ELL students.
Program personnel host workshops.
Most national hotel chains accept credit card payments.
The trip itself would be verified using hotel charges.
There is no way to verify if a trip actually occurred or not.
Skimmers are usually doing something illegal but they get away with it.
Skimmers can get ahead by paying what everyone else does.
Skimmers pay a lot more than everyone else.
Employees didn't have a charge card to use.
Employees needed to charge all their food to the card.
Employees would need to use the charge card for the hotel.
Attorneys get paid by the LSC if they are working in terrorism.
Some attorneys get paid by the LSC.
The LSC only funds medical students.
Commercial companies no longer use prototypes.
The commercial companies need prototypes to show their new technology to the public.
The commercial companies use prototypes.
It could never take less than 21 months.
It should take about 21 months to retrofit a single utility boiler.
Retrofitting a boiler can be done in just a few days.
The CIO trains other CIOs.
The CIO wants his peers to improve their performance.
The CIO won't talk to his peers.
BLM didn't have any information.
BLM put information in the pamphlet.
BLM put some information in there.
That happened in primary care, too.
That only happens in specialists.
There were unpaid bills in primary care as well.
Capital cities are the best places for software companies.
One capital has a ton of software companies.
Software companies avoid capitals for legal reasons.
They have to include all the parts.
They have to include the parts for the new rocket.
They only have to include the essential parts.
Her work as a judge helped poor minorities in New York.
Her work as a judge helped poor people.
Her work was focused on rich people.
Organizations always outsource the work.
Organizations decide if they're going to use in-house employees of if it costs too much to do that.
Organizations decide if they're going to use in-house employees.
The CEO tells people who gets what information but sometimes they make mistakes.
The CEO tells people who gets what information.
The CIO works to get information out to people.
They calculate the welfare effects like they do how much money they make.
They calculate welfare effects quickly on a calculator.
They don't know how to calculate welfare effects.
The trust fund borrowed money because it was running at a huge deficit.
The trust fund has never needed to borrow.
The trust fund needed to borrow money.
Alternate communication makes up 60% of communication now.
Everyone just uses letters.
Other modes of communication are becomming more popular.
A CIO organization takes a long time to develop.
It's very easy to develop a CIO organization.
You have to develop a CIO organization carefully or it will fall apart.
ALl the data is from different years.
The data is all from 1988 in that part.
The data is from July 1988.
The estimates all look at people who are exposed just once.
The estimates deal with long-term exposure, so the short-term is probably a lot less.
The estimates deal with long-term exposure.
First you do an efficacy trial.
First you'll need to test the efficacy of an intervention.
The efficacy test is the last step.
If you don't save money in your bank account, you will have nothing.
If you don't save money, you won't have money.
You usually end up with money no matter what.
Without a motion to withdraw, an attorney doesn't have to respond to anything.
Without a motion to withdraw, an attorney is responsible for any response except for one involving citizenship.
Without a motion to withdraw, an attorney is responsible for any response.
LSC funded attorneys can't be on cases where the client leaves the country.
LSC funded attorneys can't work cases involving non-citizens.
LSC funded attorneys work any case they want.
Principle IV deals with capital development strategy in Fortune 500 organizations.
Principle IV deals with capital development strategy.
Principle XII deals with capital development strategy.
The ED is leisurely and relaxed.
Things move really fast in the ED because they see 2000 patients a week.
Things move really fast in the ED.
Every kind of intervention has challenges, but some have much more than others.
Most interventions are perfect.
One kind of intervention has a big challenge, no matter what.
When the travel voucher is used, the system can compare the info to make sure there is no fraud.
When the travel voucher is used, the system can compare the info.
When the travel voucher is used, the system freaks out and won't work.
It's fine to just stop representing a client.
It's not a good idea to stop legal representation because then they'll probably get a mistrial granted.
It's not good to stop legal representation.
2000 was excellent because Congress passed more bills than ever before.
2000 was great for Congress.
2000 was the worst year ever.
Even if there is no threshold, there is a ton of risk from exposure.
If you assume there is no threshold, any exposure is considered to be risk-free.
If you assume there is no threshold, any exposure to mercury is risk-free.
IT workers are way too common these days.
People need IT workers to help install computer systems.
People really need good IT people.
we know we'll fail every time.
we will try to hit the target a lot.
we'll try to hit the fundraising goal every year.
Mercury emissions create problems with the water and then fish ingest it.
Mercury emissions create problems with the water.
Mercury emissions don't influence the water at all.
Technology can reduce how long providers and staff need to screen people by up to 80%.
Technology can reduce how long providers and staff need to screen people.
Technology doesn't help screening at all.
GAO is an entity that requires an allocation of resources.
The GAO is a federal agency that with a multi-billion dollar annual budget.
The GAO is the worst performing federal entity and is in line to have all its funding cut.
Postal density doesn't influence costs at all.
Postal density has twice the impact of volume on delivery costs.
Postal density impacts delivery costs more than volume.
It's ideal to be focused on profit and not customers.
Partners can be customer-focused in their business.
Partners need to be focused on customers to be successful.
12HEI is on a license plate.
12HEI is related directly to air pollution.
12HEI was a sponsor for the project.
I don't take questions.
I like to talk about my work so I would love to answer questions.
I'd love to answer questions.
We shouldn't even discuss the limits of the data.
it's important to show the limits of the data or people will make bad inferences that will ruin the study.
it's important to show the limits of the data.
Keeping physical receipts is one way to increase data reliability.
The audited entity can take corrective action to increase data reliability.
Unreliable data should only be reported to law enforcement officials.
The Bar Foundation hired the consultant using only their own funds.
The Bar Foundation was assisted by funds from the LSC.
The LSC will review this plan within an allotted ninety day time period.
We are requesting the $3billion we need.
We are requesting the money we need for this year.
We didn't ask for any money this year.
Electroshock therapy is the only intervention permitted for any patient.
Group and individual therapy are two types of intervention commonly assigned to patients.
There are several types of interventions that might suit each ED.
Mercury can't be above 10 ppm.
Mercury has allowances that are set.
There are no rules about mercury.
The device helps companies make 10 subsidiaries each.
The device helps companies make subsidiaries.
The device is just for non-profits.
Chavez's case agrees with the Colorado Legal Services.
Chavez's case says he was poisoned in the corn fields.
Chavez's case was about tea parties.
Social insurance doesn't include programs that are just for federal workers because of a law that was passed.
Social insurance doesn't include programs that are just for federal workers.
Social insurance only includes programs that are just for federal workers.
The list just says who bought the item.
The list tells that the voucher was approved by one of three people.
The list tells who approved the voucher.
The lending fund doesn't get all the interest in some cases, so they have to make it up in other ways.
The lending fund doesn't get all the interest in some cases.
The lending fund is always guaranteed 9% interest.
Appendix A shows the names of the researchers.
The Appendix A shows the time that it needs to be completed by.
The Appendix A shows the time.
Figure 3 shows how the models calculate the incomes.
Figure 3 shows the rate of growth of the city.
Figure 3 shows what the models do.
A supporting CIO and corporate CIO might share control of a company in some organizations.
Corporate CIOs are generally paid less than CEOs.
In hybrid organizations the CEO maintains direct central control of the organization.
The commission can make any recommendation that it wants to.
The commission must follow specific rules when making a recommendation.
These rules are outlined in three separate books.
C-R functions can be estimated a couple different ways and then published for the reader to decide.
C-R functions can be estimated a couple different ways.
C-R functions can never be estimated.
Interventions should never be done in the hospital.
There is some reason to do an alcohol intervention in the emergency room while the patient is still drunk.
There is some reason to do an alcohol intervention in the emergency room.
Cream skimming is something that the Postal Service is vulnerable to.
Shipping junk mail is an important part of Postal Service income.
The Postal Service does not need to be concerned with cream skimming.
GPRA reports are used to assess budget allocations and department performance.
Our observations indicate that there is no way to increase usefulness of GPRA reports.
The usefulness of GPRA reports might be increased.
In many countries postal employees make less than five dollars a day.
Postal employees in the US make much less money that postal workers in other countries.
The US pays postal employees better than most countries.
Benefits are always only counted once.
Hospital admissions double count some benefits if the patient is uninsured.
Hospital admissions double count some benefits.
Most emergency departments provide several dozen referrals every day.
Referrals from the emergency department can work.
There is nothing an emergency department can do in these cases.
Financial services and communication systems are yet to join the information technology field.
It is easy for hackers to target transportation and energy systems.
Transportation and energy are monitored and controlled using information technology.
Retrofits have no real impact on down time.
Significant down time impacts might be experienced in more difficult retrofits.
The average retrofit costs more than one million dollars to complete.
Better security can improve workplace efficiency by 10 percent or more.
This process is generally considered to be harmful to security.
This process is known to increase security in several ways.
Everything is finally done and we have nothing more to do.
There are exactly five more tasks that must still be accomplished.
We still have things to do even tho we have come so far.
HIC is not the department responsible for tracking claims.
Only five hundred dollars worth of reimbursements are permitted per year.
Reimbursements are tracked every year by HIC.
Individualized intervention briefing materials may be beneficial to patients.
The computer and printing systems required to produce these briefs cost five hundred dollars.
There is no treatment for people with drinking problems.
It takes both units forty six weeks to complete an order.
It takes both units no more that a week to complete each order.
There are other units that could complete these orders more quickly for a higher price.
An ED alcohol research center is recommended by some.
Dr. Gentilello believes that too much money is already devoted to research.
This research center would employ up to ten people.
It didn't matter if they all slacked off.
They said it was important to be vigilant..
They said it was important to be vigilent when it came to the news factory controls.
The United States Census Bureau has organized its data by Zip Code since the 1960s.
The data concerning Population and Housing gathered in the 1990 Census is organized by ZIP Code.
There was no United States Census conducted in 1990.
Federal finance organizations have had new demands placed on them.
The CFO Act significantly reduced the demands on finance organizations.
These demands hare required a twenty percent increase in staffing levels.
Efforts were taken to help institute electronic commerce in state governments.
State governments that use electronic commerce are able to increase efficiency by twelve percent.
The initiative was intended to remove all state reliance on computer systems.
The differences were so significant that they were written down.
There was absolutely no detectable difference.
There were apparent, notable differences.
If an attorney withdraws from a case they will be free from all obligation and liability.
Nationally, attorneys withdraw from only five percent of all cases.
The attorney may face liability even if they withdraw from the case.
The SCR connection is the first of the lot.
The outage period is more than two weeks.
There are no outages ever.
Each ZIP Code is served by only one route.
Many routes may cover a single ZIP Code.
Most ZIP Codes cover roughly ten thousand addresses.
There is no limit for mercury, because it's harmless.
They limit mercury for seafood.
They limit mercury.
We intend to sever our relationship with your organization effective immediately.
We worked closely with seven different employees this year.
You have done something to support us in this past year.
If this requirement were put in place the number of LSC grantees would fall by 80 percent.
It would be a trivial matter for attorney to monitor eligible aliens at all times.
It would be allot of work to monitor a group of people at all times.
The federal agencies have been doing illicit things.
The federal agents have adequate human capital practices.
There are some new challenges that face the federal agents.
The trauma team does not handle alcohol use issues.
The trauma team primarily handles alcohol issues.
There is a separate counseling unit that meet with patients after they leave the trauma unit.
900 MWe units burn about 1.5 percent sulfur bituminous coal.
The units burn less sulfur bituminous coal than other units.
The units do not burn sulfur bituminous coal.
Five different short term studies were analyzed for this study.
Only data collected from long term studies was used.
Short term studies were used in some parts of this analysis.
By next year the state will have outstanding contracts totally five million dollars per year.
It is important to manage contracts well when signing more contracts.
The state does not need to worry about managing contracts.
The same features could be used for GMRA accountability reports.
There are other features that could also be used for the reports.
These features would be totally inappropriate for GMRA accountability reports.
The demand curve depends on the discount being the same.
The demand curve isn't dependent on anything.
The demand curve won't change this month.
Centralized organizational structures are the best.
Leading organizations use a hybrid model.
There is no difference between the two structure types.
The control device needs to be completed first.
The public are banned from commenting.
Title V is a very important document.
No special effort is required to avoid damaging a client's claims.
The client's claims might be prejudiced unless steps were taken.
These steps include hiding the real identity of clients from investigators.
Constructing prototypes usually adds several days to the time frame of a development project.
Design requirements were often demonstrated using prototypes.
The use of prototypes is almost unheard of for demonstrating design requirements.
Employers donate to food assistance programs.
Employers give to social programs.
Employers keep their money to themselves.
They're firing half the employees.
They're firing some people.
They're hiring like crazy!
Efficient allocation of resources is important for effective execution of responsibilities.
The CIO is not involved in resource allocation decisions.
The CIO organization usually has a staff of seven people on hand to provide support in these cases.
Not everyone ants to allow public comments.
Public comment must be allowed.
There is no need to allow the public to comment.
An explanation is required as to why the data reliability was not determined.
The data files measured several hundred megabytes in total.
The data was assessed to be entirely reliable.
The retirement fund has financing sources.
The retirement fund has no funding sources.
The retirement fund is funded by employees.
Harrisburg was the only city served by the agency initially.
The agency resources were stretched to its limits when serving the initial three cities.
The cities of Lancaster, York and Reading were served by this agency originally.
Budgets must be increased across the board for best results.
Long term attention is required despite short term progress.
Since progress is being made now there is no reason for long term changes.
Adjusting the requirements will reduce the amount of confusion.
These requirements will not cause any confusion.
This requirement will cause a lot of confusion.
A German SCR system has been in Europe for 20 years.
A German SCR system works in Germany.
An SCR system is only in Australia.
Both contributions are figured out by the same method.
There are two different methods of calculating the employer and employee contributions.
Usually the employer contribution is greater than the employee contribution.
The Health Resources and Services Administration is the most important.
The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administrations are different entities.
There is a Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.
Dissaving is spending more than you make.
Dissaving is very common in America.
Dissaving means you save a ton of money.
The Federal government will be ineffective in adopting these principles.
The federal government does not want to adopt these principles.
The government is using these principles to try to handle these demands.
Many agencies are considering outsourcing design review functions.
No agencies are considering outsourcing design review functions.
These agencies will have inferior designs if they outsource.
The impact in France is greater than that in the United States.
The impact in France is increasing.
There is a much greater impact of volume in the United States.
Texas believes that the various forms of education are beneficial.
Texas does not consider education beneficial.
Texas will reconsider this matter next year.
Federal employees do get other perks though.
Private employees agree to different terms and conditions than Federal employees.
Private employees and Federal employees agree to the same terms and conditions.
Auditors should not over regulate.
Auditors should not talk.
Auditors should talk.
A California attorney can get any and all information they need about their clients.
A California attorney cannot know for sure if a client has temporarily crossed the border from Mexico.
The attorney can get the information through the migrant worker network.
Internal controls don't exist.
Some cars have internal controls.
Some have internal controls.
One agency tried to make it so that an employee can just claim any travel expenses under $75 under an aggregate amount.
This idea was not well-received by t=other agencies.
Travelers do not have to list out their individual expenses.
Incremental purchasing can be put into action right away.
Incremental purchasing will increase risks.
Risks can be minimized by incremental purchasing.
Allenbrand and Drews are getting sued for false imprisionment.
Allenbrand and Drews are getting sued.
Allenbrand and Drews are prosecuting the case.
Postal density has a big impact on the cost in France.
Postal density has no impact on cost.
Postal density raises the cost in France by up to 40%.
It takes 17 months to implement that part.
It takes 17 months to implement the new rules.
It takes 4 months from start to finish.
Illiterate people are very common and we need a plan to deal with them.
Illiterate people can figure it out on their own.
Illiterate people wouldn't understand the materials.
The groups never speak to each other.
The two groups work together to make sure they aren't missing any important pieces.
The two groups work together.
CCS cannot provide statistics for the number of residential routes.
There are 13,212 residential routes.
There are more residential routes than business routes.
Change in the Postal and Delivery Industries needs to be managed.
Change in the Postal and Delivery Industries happen organically and do not need to be managed.
There are people whose only job is to manage the changes in the Postal and Delivery Industries.
We figured the volume is exactly the same as the pieces per possible.
We figured the volume per capita and pieces were related.
We know there's no connection between volume per capita and pieces per possible.
The welcome package is delivered by hand.
The welcome packages are appreciated by those who receive them.
The welcome packages are sent by mail.
The outage should have ended much sooner.
There was a six-week service outage.
There was no boiler service outage.
Big countries fared better with this system.
We had no way to figure out how many pieces were possible per stop.
We use a formula to figure out about how many pieces were possible per stop,.
High volume areas also have high incomes.
High volume areas are the poorest.
High volume areas have income over $100,000.
We want to make GAO fall apart.
We want to make GAO stronger because it has a lot of problems right now.
We want to make GAO stronger.
They can develop the plan faster than expected.
They usually need another year to implement the plan.
They usually need more time to create the action plan.
A new method of estimating the concentration-response relationship is needed.
The concentration-response relationship is rarely figured out exactly.
The effects of the concentration-response relationship are rarely overestimated.
The bypass will  send water to the FGD.
The bypass will send gas to the FGD in Russia.
The bypass will send gas to the FGD.
Improvements in the operations of government agencies were included.
There should have been been more things included.
They did not include technological innovation.
Immigrants move around a lot in the US.
Immigrants move to the north in the summer.
Immigrants never move once they arrive in the US.
Every case needs to have a specific person working on it.
One size fits all is not a good policy in clinical practice.
One size fits all when it comes to brief interventions.
No reports on pilot programs were submitted.
There were forty-four pilot project reports submitted.
There were more pilot programs, but only forty-four submitted reports.
It is not possible to modify the Title V operating permit.
It will take over a year to modify the Title V operating permit.
There are many documents that need to be signed when modifying the Title V operating permit.
France does not have a postal service.
France has a lower volume of postal deliveries than the U.S.
Postal density in France is too low to support the same level of last-mile delivery services as exist in the U.S.
On that page you can also find links to other resources.
There are details at www.healtheffects.org/Pubs/NMMAPSletter.pdf.
These are all the details available.
Exploratory case studies can save time and money.
Exploratory case studies do nothing but waste time.
Having adequate on-the-shelf sets of designs and measures is preferable.
Although they can occur at the same time, the construction permit application takes longer to get approved.
Both processes can occur at the same time.
These processes cannot be done at the same time.
Any audits done that are not performed in accordance with GAGAS must be redone.
Financial audits must be performed in accordance with GAGAS.
There was no reason for financial audits to follow the GAGAS guidelines.
A household's existing assets have no bearing on the amount of money from income that needs to be saved.
Increased value in existing assets can lower the amount of savings from income that is needed.
It is wise to continue saving the same amount as always.
No one has the authority to prescribe fuel standards.
The Secretary to the Administrator has many other duties as well.
The Secretary to the Administrator of NHTSA has the authority to prescribe fuel economy standards.
26 Difficulty is independent of modifications.
27 Difficulty depends on modifications.
27 Difficulty is changed every day.
CVR board members could not come to an agreement on how to give the money and in result the vote was split down the middle.
CVR board members never considered giving the money as a grant.
Milne and Ralphs would have been the two board members at  the meeting to not vote unanimous.
Many group members think that monthly meetings are unnecessary.
The group has meetings every month.
The group only met twice a year.
Federal employees agree to the same terms and conditions as the rest of the covered population.
Federal employees also have other programs available to them.
The terms and conditions are different for Federal employees.
The appendix has all the route data by zip code and state.
The appendix is empty there is no information available.
The data is shown according to the 5 digit zip code data.
A contingency plan to minimize losses should be included in the the plan.
The plan does not need to contain a training program.
The plan should also include a budget.
It is proven that saving now is the best way to accumulate assets.
Saving money now is a way to accrue assets and be able to retire earlier.
You should never save money it does you no good later.
The average cost for USPS is shown in figure 6 and shows all the profits.
The average cost for USPS is shown in figure 6.
The costs are shown in figure 9 for USPS.
For the average household, targets may seem more abstract.
Increased wealth does not influence personal savings through traditional defined-benefit pension plans.
Members of average households ought to also increase personal savings through pension plans.
Prototypes don't exist.
There are seven types of prototypes total.
There are several types of prototypes.
The state does not outsource any functions.
The state outsourced things like help desks and mainframe management.
There were many other functions that the state could have outsourced as well.
The reforms affect the government.
The reforms cost the government money.
The reforms have no impact on the government.
Demographic data could be averaged.
The demographic data helped the schools.
Baltimore County firefighters do not have a program for injured firefighters and paramedics to give them extra financial help when they get hurt.
There is a plan for Baltimore County firefighters to help them out financially if they get hurt on the job.
There should be a program in place to compensate these civil servants.
The approach doesn't tell you anything about if a trip occured.
The approach makes sure travel reimbursement is legit.
The approach shows you the trip occured.
It is never necessary to have outages.
Sometimes longer outages are needed.
Sometimes you need to turn the power off for longer.
C-R relationships vary from location to location.
Location specific C-R functions are generally available.
There are vast differences in the C-R relationship at a northern location in comparison to a southern location.
Partners for Justice is not a cooperative project.
The name of the project is Partners for Justice.
This project has not been very successful.
I want to talk about funding.
I want to talk about how low we are on funding.
I want to talk about the support the teacher gave us.
Gains and losses are exchange transactions.
Gains and losses are non-exchange transactions.
There are also many other non-exchange transactions.
Air pollution has no effect on health regardless of the levels.
Air pollution levels can cause hazardous health effects depending on the threshold.
There is a threshold in each study that determines the effect of air pollution.
Some trusts have revolving funds.
Trusts never have revolving funds.
Trusts with revolving funds make it easy to get your money.
The company is on the breaking edge of research.
The company is willing to change its structure.
The company will remain static.
Any more than eight months is excessive.
Preliminary engineering and contract negotiation could take as long as six to eight months
The total time is less than 6 months.
Patients who use the ED find it useful in their recovery from alcohol abuse.
The ED could impact patients with alcohol use problems.
The ED triggers alcohol abuse relapse in a recovering patients.
Companies don't use keys.
Each company key is different.
Each company uses keys.
The field representatives do not discuss claims.
The field representatives have an evaluation period.
The new providers are wealthy.
There is IT planning.
There is not IT planning.
They think about what computers to buy.
Highlighting the area has no value.
Highlighting the area has value.
Highlighting the map has value.
The crosshatched pentagon has helped the mailer market boost profits.
The mailers are unable to recover the losses from the crosshatched trapezoid.
The market loss comes from the crosshatched trapezoid being unable to shift.
Brendan Gill dislikes the merger.
Brendan Gill likes the merger
Brendan Gill made money off the merger.
Data error causes freedom.
Freedom from correct data.
Freedom from incorrect input.
The National Mail Count only tracked packages.
The National Mail Count studied mail.
The National Mail count keep track of personal mail.
More income means more profit.
The statistics do not state anything.
ZIP codes are related to income.
9a is not the rate difference.
9a is the most important metric.
9a is the rate difference.
A lot of witnesses revoke representation.
The alien is very scary.
The witnesses would not testify.
It is procedure to send case files to the client.
The client will be left in the dark.
The client will be provided with case files.
Clients refuse to flee the country despite the tough choice.
Leaving the country would be the best choice for clients.
Rather than go to jail, clients would sooner leave the country.
Assets will lose value sometimes due to the market.
If households assets lose value people will have to save less.
If people's assets lose value they end up having to save more.
HIC made feedback changes.
HIC made no feedback changes.
HIC sent out surveys.
It is likely we would answer a phone call.
Refusing to answer the phone would not be in our best interest.
There is no question about answering the phone.
Centrelink asks its customers to carefully enter details when declaring income.
Centrelink never has incorrect payments caused by incorrect income declaration by customers.
Incorrect payments that Centrelink has are preventable in some cases.
Assets make you lose money with interest.
The interest and dividends are a lot of money.
You can generate income with assets.
GAO has needed great improvements for more than a decade.
We could not come up with a single solution to help improve GAO.
We have been working on improving some areas in GAO.
Denial of service attacks cause disruptions.
Popular websites are big targets for disruption.
There has not been a denial of service attack recently.
Inhouse core does not matter much.
Maintain inhouse core was not cited a lot.
Maintain inhouse core was the most cited reason.
Different patients find that different methods work for them in their recover from alcohol abuse.
There is not one solution to alcohol use problems.
There is one, and only one, type of alcohol use problem.
GAO has a .org website domain.
GAO has no online presence.
GAO's website can be visited online.
It takes a team of fifty men to install the SCR on one combustion unit.
It would take more than a year to completely implement an SCR on one combustion unit.
The implementation of SCR on a combustion unit takes a few hours.
Aliens can have legal representation when they are in the US.
Most aliens do not seek legal services when they need it.
The US does not allow aliens into any of its states.
The opposing counsel and the court will be expecting notices.
The opposing counsel and the court will have to be kept in the dark about this.
The opposing counsel and the court will receive notices.
The gains and losses should be ignored and not labeled.
There are many different types of gains and losses.
When accounting for the gain or loss make it a nonexchange gain or loss.
23Financial continues to achieve CFO Act Goals thanks to positive momentum.
23Financial has lost momentum in achieving their executive goals.
23Financial is close to completing all of their Act Goals.
Fully meeting a successful standard will result in a pass.
If they don't meet the standard they will fail.
Meeting fully the standard for an element will result in a rating of failure.
LSC grantees educate the community.
People in the community are uneducated about the legal system.
The LSC grantees sing for the community.
All assets decline in value by the day.
Assets such as real estate properties gain value by the year.
It is possible for existing assets to accumulate gains.
An ED visit can be a teaching tool for people with drinking problems.
People with drinking problems are not permitted to visit the ED.
Studies show that a majority of people with drinking problems visit the ED at least once in their lives.
The AICPA will establish new headquarters in three states.
The AICPA's has been running for more than a year.
Value-enhancement has never been on the AICPA's agenda.
Business processes are not stagnant; they evolve with time.
New training programs have to be created when new business processes are adopted.
Since needs are never changing, business processes do not need to evolve.
For half a year student debt has been discussed by a group in New York City.
One person in Idaho has never thought about student debt.
The group is trying to figure out what to do about student debt.
You can be perfect if you try hard enough.
You can never be perfect.
You can't be perfect because we are all deeply flawed people.
Marxist-Leninist concepts were incorporated into the Islamist movement.
The Islamist movement was begun in the sixth century.
The Islamist movement was originally founded as an organization for social mobilization.
Hazmi and Mihdhar bought a home and had no contact with anyone.
Hazmi and Mihdhar rented a room for the whole year, for $500 a day.
Hazmi and Mihdhar rented a room.
An al Qaeda member went to Bosnia 18 times in 2001.
An al Qaeda member went to Bosnia.
There was no evidence of an al Quaeda member going to Bosnia.
Jane asked for a FISA acknowledgement form to be signed by a federal judge.
Jane asked for a FISA acknowledgement form to be signed.
Jane said no FISA acknowledgement was necessary.
Alarming evidence was discovered during the checkpoint screening.
Checkpoint screenings rely entirely on the intuition of the customs agent performing the screening.
The checkpoint screening was not able to discover any evidence against them.
Khallad said he knew nothing about the three of them.
Khallad said the three could have traveled together.
Khallad said there was a 50% chance the three went to Karachi together in October.
A second wave of attacks was planned by KSM.
After the first wave of attacks there were no more agents available.
The second wave of attacks would have targeted train stations.
All of the advisers unanimously agreed that there was nothing to be worried about.
Only one adviser did not voice concern over this plan.
This concern is shared by several different advisers.
Binalshibh was interrogated by an FBI task force.
Binalshibh was interrogated in 2002.
Binalshibh was never spoken to, and he disappeared.
Mihdhar had a US Visa to enter the country.
Mihdhar never got a visa, so he never came to the us.
Mihdhar was given a Visa because he was not a threat.
Al Qaeda had three agents operating in Arizona.
Al Qaeda may not have had any agents in California.
KSM confirmed that there were several agents in Southern California.
The FBI could never even find the man after he left Florida in 2001.
The FBI couldn't find out who the guy was.
The FBI figured out who he was and threw him in prison
There was communication coming from American 11.
There was communication from American 11 every 5 minuts.
There was never any communication from American 11.
If completed the investigation might have revealed the location of three fugitives.
The German government might have had difficultly performing a quick and thorough investigation.
The investigation would be quite simple and easy for the government to conduct.
They didn't change their surveillance program much.
They didn't do much to change things.
They went to great lengths to overhaul everything.
All passengers just get to walk through without an issue.
Soem passengers get full-body scans.
Some passengers get checked more thoroughly by security.
We are 100% certain that Clarke never gave his paper to anyone.
We can't find proof that Clarke gave him his paper.
We know for sure that Clarke gave them his paper on July 2.
The analyst presented a crystal-clear analysis.
The analyst was not clear on a lot of things.
The analyst's report was so messed up that no one could read it.
Officers got their own assignments.
Officers just randomly ran where they were needed.
Officers were assigned based on seniority.
The OIPR screen doesn't do anything other than give passengers information about flight times.
The OIPR screen processes some information related to the terrorist watch list.
The OIPR screen processes some information.
We got news from Afghanistan.
We heard nothing from Afghanistan until October.
We were told about the impending attack on Septemeber 9.
It's hard to install the system because hackers attack it every night.
It's not easy to install the system because of security dangers.
The security system will be installed in 6 weeks, i promise.
An interrogation of KSM was performed in July of 2003.
KSM was not captured until late 2008, when he was finally interrogated in detail.
The interrogation revealed that KSM's favorite ice cream flavor was chocolate.
Americans don't need to worry about their civil liberties- they will always be protected.
Americans should make sure that their guns are not taken away.
Americans should pay attention to threats to our liberties.
Communication worked really well on 9/11.
People had a hard time communicating at the World Trade Center because the power was out and phone lines were down.
People had a hard time communicating at the World Trade Center.
Investigators also requested access to professional databases.
Several types of information were available from existing databases.
There was no way to find any information about the subjects using existing sources.
The administrator immediately contacted the authorities and refused to assist in this case.
The administrator provided assistance despite his misgivings.
The assistance consisted of cash and help procuring travel documents.
Delivery did not improve how effective it was.
Delivery made it incredible effective.
It didn't make it any more effective when we delivered it to the White House.
The FAA air traffic control data was analyzed by an independent group and it was determined that the controllers did a good job.
The FAA air traffic control data was analyzed.
The FAA air traffic control data was never examined.
All terrorism matters are given the top label for importance.
All terrorism matters get the same label.
Each terrorism matter is judged and graded independently.
The director didn't want to get involved because he was almost retired.
The director of the unit didn't want to get involved in directing what was done.
The director thought it was all up to him.
In 1993 there was an attempt to blow up the World Trade Center.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was well known for his efforts to stamp out terrorism around the world.
These plots both met with failure and further efforts were scrapped.
Abu Bara didn't want a visa.
Abu Bara never completed a Visa application
Abu Bara was granted a visa in 2011.
All PAPD officers were ordered to wait on the ground until further notice.
Each officer was carrying over twenty pound of equipment on them.
The PAPD ESU team was involved in climbing the South Tower.
Nobody remained in the North Tower after the South Tower collapsed.
The South Tower collapsed 30 minutes before the officer talked to ESU units in the North Tower.
The officer witnessed the collapse of the South Tower.
Generators could overheat and start a fire.
Generators didnt pose any problems.
Generators were a safety risk.
Pickard couldn't remember anything they'd said.
Pickard remembered the briefing covered the facts of the crash.
Pickard remembered what was said at the briefing.
It was not unusual for terrorists to travel through Pakistan into Afghanistan.
Pakistan and Afghanistan are located very far apart from each other.
Training provided in Afghanistan included hand to hand combat.
There might be a conference to address the terrorist threats.
There might be a threat conference.
There's no conference even being discussed.
The intercepts were handled perfectly.
The intercepts were sent to the wrong person for analysis.
The intercepts weren't handled correctly.
They knew making the targets more difficult would lead to a higher rate of captures.
They made the targets so easy they were captured within mere minutes.
They make the targets themselves more challenging so in turn they are making captures happen more often.
No Hozbollah operative is known to have ever flown to Iran.
The hijackers had previously spent some time in Iran.
While in Iran the hijackers received special training.
The DCI refused to brief even the most senior administration officials on this mater.
The DCI seem to have briefed both Powell and Rumsfeld already.
They were briefed on the current status of two carrier strike groups in the Mediterranean.
The CIA was involved in some covert action requested by the White House.
The Counterterorist Center was involved in fifty two separate operations that year.
The White House had no agencies available to handle covert operations.
All three of his brothers had intended to travel to Chechnya.
He had seven sisters and no brothers in his family.
He had several brothers who had been in Chechnya.
There is a detailed record kept of each computer-aided dispatch back 38 years.
There is a record kept of computer-aided dispatches.
There is no record help for the dispatches.
All passengers were affected by these events and regulations.
Multiple passengers could be carried in these cases.
These regulations involved enhanced security screenings.
Clarke never told National Security Advisor Rice that al Qaeda sleeper cells were probably in the United States.
Clarke told National Security Advisor Rice four times that al Qaeda sleeper cells were probably in the United States.
Clarke told National Security Advisor Rice that al Qaeda sleeper cells were probably in the United States.
Al Qaeda also received money from businesses.
Al Qaeda didn't receive any money from Saudis.
In Saudi Arabia, al Qaeda received money from individuals and charities.
We don't care about what is going on and have no desire to figure it out.
We're also trying to learn what happened yesterday.
We're trying to learn what is happening.
28 minutes after the fact the Southeast Air Defense Sector received notification.
The Sector did not receive the notifications in time due to a delay in communications.
The Southeast Air Defense Sector received word of the event just 28 seconds after it took place.
The FBI doesn't give any thought to their employees.
The FBI has to constantly test to see if their employees are secure.
The FBI has to keep their employees secure.
FBI investigators found 100 other extremists in Phoenix.
FBI investigators said more terrorists were in the Phoenix area.
There was no proof of anyone else being involved in terrorism in Phoenix.
At the time of the accident he was not wearing a seat belt.
Mzoudi claimed that he went through with the wedding as planned.
Mzoudi may have been involved in a car accident in Morocco.
Hellfire, carried on Predator, may be good to go soon.
The Hellfire warhead is ready now to be carried on Predator
The warhead Hellfire, is not ready to be on Predator
Congressional leaders may or may not have been aware of this PDB.
Congressional leaders received briefings at least once a week.
It is certain that everyone in congress had been informed of the PDBs.
There's no point in debating this topic.
We want to have a debate because we know these recommendations are important.
We would like to debate the recommendations.
Ashcroft said the briefings weren't worth his time.
Ashcroft wanted to listen to the briefings over and over again
Ashcroft was interesting in the briefings.
All occupants on the upper floors immediately descended upon impact.
Some workers on the upper floors chose not to descend right after impact.
Some workers thought that the situation wouldn't escalate.
Mihdhar knew the students were waiting from him to leave.
The pupils went into the home after Mihdhar was gone.
The students protested outside of the house that Mihdhar resided in.
Hage was interrogated by FBI agents for three hours.
Hage was interrogated by FBI agents.
Hage was never interrogated by FBI agents.
Shakur didn't go by any other names, because he wasn't very famous.
Shakur had an alias that went unnoticed for years.
Shakur had an alias.
Each company consisted of twenty three fire fighters.
No interviews were recorded concerning the actions of the fire department.
There were several companies of FDNY present at the time.
Bin Ladin didn't know that moussaoui had been detained.
Bin Ladin didn't know the FBI had held Moussaoui.
Bin Ladin wasn't worried about Moussaoui being held for questioning.
Al Qaeda was a relatively flat organization that was still able to function with minimal leadership.
By 2004 the US had still not killed or captured a single al Qaeda leader.
Most al Qaeda leadership had been eliminated by 2004.
Sometimes people can escape asset freezes if they pay someone alot of money for help.
Sometimes people get away with avoiding worldwide asset freezes.
You can never ever get away from an asset freeze.
Employment status and previous felony convictions were two metrics used to create profiles.
Passenger profiles were derived almost entirely based on passenger skin color.
Race and creed were not factors used to develop passenger profiles.
Motassadeq told everyone Shehhi was gone.
Motassadeq was supposed to hide that Shehhi was missing from New York City.
Motassadeq was supposed to hide that Shehhi was missing.
Fire alarms were not installed in the building until 2008.
Information about the fire alarm was recorded in June.
The fire alarm was disabled due to an electrical short.
More than 100 Saudi national left the US.
The airspace did not reopen until late October.
There were also several dozen British nationals who left the country.
Ajaj was here on an educational visa.
Ajaj was on a tourist visa when he went to the US.
Ajaj's tourist visa was supposed to last 6 months.
The Port Authority said people should run as far away as possible.
The Port Authority told people to leave 5 WTC.
The Port Authority told them all to stay put.
We need at least 10 countries to join us
We need help from around the world.
We will do this alone!
They directed civilians at the mezzanine level to take an escalator to the concourse.
They directed dozens of civilians at the mezzanine level to take an escalator to the concourse.
They told the civilians to take an elevator to a higher floor.
Everyone showed up for Flight 93.
Seven passengers missed Flight 93.
There were passengers that didn't show up for Flight 93.
Rice always took notes of everything the President said.
Rice had never heard the President say anything.
Rice remembered that the President expressed his annoyance.
Computer aided dispatch reports were prepared for September 11.
Computer aided dispatch systems were not in place in New York until 2008.
These dispatch reports were delayed because of network disruptions.
Mihdhar complained to several close friends in Pakistan.
Mihdhar was constantly telling friends that the US was just fantastic.
The US was not exactly to Mihdhar's liking.
No one gave any thought to hijackings.
The study about hijackings warned about al Qaeda.
There was a study about airplane hijackings in 1996.
Khallad had financed Mihdhar's education in the Middle East.
Khallad was associated with Mihdhar.
No one could find a connection between Khallad and Mihdhar.
Ed Ballinger issued several warning during his interview.
Ed Ballinger refused to provide any information to interviewers.
He warned the interviewer that there would be an attempted attack in May.
At one point there was consideration of cooperating with the Taliban against al Qaeda.
By the end of June the US and Taliban had allied themselves against al Qaeda.
This plan was abandoned because the Taliban wanted large amounts of money and weapons for cooperation.
Funding for joint operations has increased, but administrative overhead has also increased.
Since then joint work has improved in every way.
Today, joint work is different than it used to be.
Our country should make it clear they welcome immigrants.
Our country should repair our image globally and welcome refugees here.
We need to make it clear that we don't want any immigrants here.
The FDNY and police were both using the same systems to communicate with the public.
The FDNY and the police desk were not giving everyone the same advice.
The police were telling civilians to evacuate the area while the fire department was telling them to wait for rescue.
No agencies ever reported the call to the UAE.
Other agencies reported the call to the UAE on May 17.
The CIA reported the call to the UAE on May 16.
Police found bottled water in the man's checked bags.
Police found various items in the man's checked bags after the terminal was evacuated.
The man's checked bags contained only clothing and nothing else.
The financial markets operate continuously and are never shut down.
The financial markets were closed for at least one day.
The markets were closed because there were widespread liquidity concerns.
Atta and Omari sat in window seats while the others sat on the isles.
They attempted to board the flight but Wail al Shehri was detained by security.
They boarded a flight to Los Angeles before 8:00.
Bandar al Hazmi came to the US 18 times.
Bandar al Hazmi came to the US in 2000.
Bandar al Hazmi never traveled to the US.
James Steinberg testified that more sharing was needed.
James Steinberg was adamant that sharing data was to be avoided at all costs.
The primary reason that information was previously need to know was the threat of rogue analysts leaking secrets.
As the Soviet threat ended the US embarked on a massive military buildup.
Defense budgets were cut by more than fifty billion dollars per year.
When the Soviet military threat ended the US cut national security spending.
Physical searches were more likely to find contraband.
The metal detector results were below the national average.
The test results for X-rays were well above the national average.
Ladder companies in other cities often contained a as many as 8 members.
Ladder companies were always commanded by a captain.
There were typically six people assigned to each ladder company.
One of these plans involved bombing seven different suspected safe houses.
There were no plans available to follow up on targets in Afghanistan.
There were several plans drawn up for follow-on strikes against al Qaeda.
Clarke wanted people to realize the solution wasn't working.
Clarke wanted to show people that the immigration policy was failing.
Clarke was certain that everything was working perfectly.
The TSA funds aviation work for fighting the war on terror in Afghanistan.
The TSA funds aviation work in the war.
The TSA has nothing to do with aviation and just focuses on trains.
Other departments were also unable to confirm the gun story.
The General Accounting Office confirmed that the gun story was 100% true.
The General Accounting Office was unable to confirm the gun story.
Agencies can quantify success.
Agencies can tell if they are successful by how much money they raise.
Agencies really cant ever know if they're successful or not.
10,000 people were trained near Kandahar.
Some people were trained near Kandahar.
There were no camps anywhere near Kandahar.
In total, twenty seven officers responded to the incident.
The officers cordoned off the area and refused to let anyone in or out.
The officers tried to clear as many people from the area as they could.
Full biographical information for each interview subject will be made available on request.
The names of most of the interview subjects will not be published.
We interviewed a total of fifteen subjects for this report.
All bureaucracies are highly imaginative.
Bureaucracies aren't usually thought to be imaginative.
Some bureaucracies might be a bit imaginative.
Al Qaeda was added to the top of the priority list.
The only item on the agenda with Pakistan and Saudi Arabia was Al Qaeda.
There were many priorities besides Al Qaeda and terrorism.
The FBI has an office in Paris.
The FBI isn't allowed to operate in France.
The FBI opened an office in Paris in 1925.
The FISA Court can reject warrant applications.
The FISA Court must grant all warrant applications, no matter what.
The FISA Court rejects about half the warrant applications they get.
All American newspapers have to sound pro-Muslim.
Some newspapers in Arizona sound anti-Muslim.
Some newspapers spread anti-Muslim rhetoric.
The screening process at the border should be welcoming while also being productive.
We do not have time for pleasantries while dealing with border crossings.
We have to screen everyone equally and thus treat all with the respect that they deserve.
The Saudis and the US worked together.
The Saudis invited the US envoy to come work on the middle east peace project.
The Saudis refused to work with the US and instead pushed violence.
The FBI analyst never spoke about the case because it was too upsetting.
The FBI analyst talked to seven agents about the Cole case.
The FBI analyst went to New York to talk to the agents.
Bin Ladin had reservations at a hotel resort in Greece for a conference at this time.
The CIA believed that Bin Ladin would leave Sudan as early as May.
The CIA was certain that Bin Ladin would be staying in Sudan for several years.
McLaughlin has been the Deputy Director of Central Intelligence for 27 years.
McLaughlin is the Deputy Director of Central Intelligence.
McLaughlin is the head of the FDA.
Dave sent John exactly one email on May 18, 2001.
Dave sent an email to John on May 17, 2001.
Dave was on vacation in the entire month of May, so did not send any emails.
The Pakistani hawaladar would give the recipient 5,000 rupees.
The final recipient would be paid by the Pakistani hawaladar.
The ultimate recipient would need to travel to Turkey to get his money.
Many agencies supported the FDNY in its response.
The FDNY did not want local, federal, bistate, and state agencies to help.
The FDNY was not the only agency in charge; others held just as much control.
Everyone lost a limb upon impact.
Many people died on impact.
Only 10 people received only minor injuries from the impact.
Atta and Shehhi received their flight certifications in May.
There is evidence that Atta and Shehhi worked hard to become better pilots in June.
We do not suspect that Atta and Shehhi continued flight training in June.
The whole building could have gone up in flames, and we would have been able to extinguish the fires.
We only had 2 fire extinguishers on hand.
We would have been unable to extinguish multiple fires if they appeared on multiple floors.
The CTC analyst based his briefing only on information that had come to light in the past month.
The analyst had been working for the CTC for a decade.
The analyst used multiple reports in order to draft the document.
President Bush had no contact with President Musharraf.
President Bush wrote a letter to President Musharraf in August.
President Musharraf replied to President Bush right away.
If we extract them all we can complete the whole operation.
We may have trouble getting an edge on some aspects but it should not be that difficult overall.
We must rely on only one piece of the system .
The Intelligence reports on the KSM are over 500 pages long.
There are no documents containing information about the KSM.
There are reports from July 12, 2003 detailing information on KSM's assistance to al Qaeda.
The controllers had seen the flight earlier.
The controllers were not looking for primary radar returns.
The controllers were told to check the primary radar returns first.
Mihdhar did not stay at the hotel he indicated he would.
Mihdhar had a wonderful stay at the Marriott Hotel in NYC.
Mihdhar had meant to stay at the Marriott originally, but a last-minute fling led him to stay with a lover.
The Thai authorities had watchlisted the names.
There is an easy explanation for the delayed reports.
There were hundreds of names that the Thai authorities had watchlisted.
Her husband can corroborate her story.
There is other information containing evidence that supports what she said.
We have absolutely no reason to believe her account.
Condoleezza Rice was a relatively unknown figure on Bush's staff.
Condoleezza Rice was amazing at her job as National Security Advisor.
Condoleezza Rice was the National Security Advisor during Bush's administration.
Amazingly, not a single window was broken in the entire building.
It took work crews more than two weeks to replace all the the broken windows.
Many large windows were destroyed in the corner of the building.
He suspected that the property was being used to conceal an illegal bomb making operation.
He was convinced that there was nothing suspicious going on.
There were reasons to be suspicious that a crime was being committed.
He had influence on both sides of the border.
He only had confederates on one side of the border.
He was well-liked by all of the confederates.
An anonymous tipster had tipped Hezbollah officials off about the group's arrival.
The group was able to arrive in the middle of the night, because no one expected their arrival.
The group's arrival was expected by authority figures in Beirut and Iran.
It suggested a threat in Ireland, but not one in the US.
There was no reason to believe there was a domestic threat.
We had good reason to suspect that terror alerts would be raised shortly.
It costs terrorists only $25 to create a fake ID.
Terrorists always use surgical implants to conceal their identities.
Terrorists create fake identities to avoid detection.
The FDNY and the NYPD coordinated perfectly on September 11.
The NYPD was responsible for the lack of coordination.
there was a lack of coordination between the FDNY and the NYPD on September 11.
According to KSM, Bin Ladin wanted to use a suicide operative.
KSM disagreed with Bin Ladin's suggestion to use a suicide bomber.
KSM had originally wanted to use a suicide operative, but Bin Ladin changed their minds.
He had plenty of free time to take several long vacations while working on these projects.
Placing new officials in office and working on a defense policy were time consuming projects.
The final defense policy document was over five hundred pages long.
NYPD helicopters were using the SOD channel.
Nobody was using the citywide SOD channel.
The NYPD helicopters could not use the channel that the ESU teams were using.
None of the Port Authority employees stayed on the upper floors to evacuate helpless civilians.
Some Port Authority employees sacrificed their lives to help civilians evacuate.
There were civilians who were unable to escape from the upper floors.
Civilian interview 14 was filed at the very end of April.
There are aids to the evacuation on September 11 in the section called Civilian Interview 14).
There are no aids available with regards to the September 11 evacuation.
Hazmi's loan request was denied.
The administrator did not allow Hazmi to use his bank account at all.
The administrator did not know what the $5000 was going to be used for.
Every relevant piece of paper has been found and filed.
Information has not been requested from everyone who knows something.
There are many more knowledgeable people who have not been interviewed.
Congress has never had oversight for either intelligence or counterterrorism.
Congress has oversight for counterterrorism.
Congressional oversight for intelligence-and counterterrorism once worked effectively.
Britain also gave money to al Qaeda.
The US definitely did not give al Qaeda any money.
The United States may have given money to al Qaeda.
Security requirements are much stricter than they previously were.
Security requirements do not compartmentalize information too much.
The security requirements that are currently in use cause information to be overclassified.
Las Vegas has a reputation for welcoming tourists.
Las Vegas is known for not liking tourists.
The operatives flew to Las Vegas many times in a short period of time.
KSM was a terrorist associated with Ramzi Yousef.
Ramzi Yousef had never heard of KSM before.
Ramzi Yousef was also indicted.
There was an NYPD interview 12.
There was an interview with the Chief of the NYPD.
There was no NYPD interview.
The Trade Center was hit by a train.
The Trade Center was hit.
The Trade Center was not hit.
Director of the DIA is the lowest position in relation to responsibilities.
The Director of the DIA is not involved with defense intelligence at all.
The director of the DIA is involved with defense intelligence.
The Hellfire missiles had technical errors.
The Hellfire missiles worked perfectly.
There were also technical errors with other types of missiles.
NYPD handled the City's emergency response.
The NYPD was in full control of the emergency response of the city.
The management of the City's response was handled by someone other than the FDNY.
An emergency command post was set up at the Police Academy.
More than two dozen people were eventually involved in manning the command post.
The Mayor immediately evacuated the state on the recommendation of the OEM director.
One firefighter felt that this tower could fall.
The firefighter sent a message to his superiors about the tower falling.
The firefighter was certain that the tower they were in was safe.
Secure Identification should never be used in the US.
Secure id would make things safer in the US.
There should be secure id in the US.
Bin Laden was not involved in directing the attacks.
It was tough to prove that Bin Laden was responsible.
There was hard evidence of Bin Laden directing the attacks.
Bin Ladin and al Qaeda were totally responsible for the terrorism.
It was the first time the government had faced this type of terrorism.
The government had faced terrorism like this many times before.
Supplying the Taliban's enemies with covert assistance was a consideration.
The Taliban could not be moved from Kabul, so some members of the U.S. military debated assisting their opponents.
They refused to give up hope in moving the Taliban and were in agreement about doing it alone.
Dubai was a convenient transit point.
Dubai was the first choice as a transit point.
It made no sense to use Dubai as a transit point.
KSM was never there at the guesthouse.
Yousef was arrested.
Yousef was never arrested.
The man killed himself in his truck.
The man was attempting to use the aircraft to escape.
The man was on the aircraft when he died.
Although no one realized it, KSM was always connected with al Qaeda.
Everyone always equated KSM with al Qaeda.
KSM was never thought to be connected with al Qaeda before 9/11.
The FDNY Chief of Department saw the South Tower collapse.
The South Tower collapsed before 10:15.
The South Tower did not collapse.
The Taliban was a close ally with al Qaeda.
The Taliban was not against al Qaeda.
There was no focus on Pakistan or the Taliban.
Philip Zelikow and his staff spent many hours preparing the report.
The team rushed through the data to get the report done quickly.
There were twenty people on Philip Zelikow's staff.
A military plan against the Taliban was needed.
Nobody ordered the development of a military plan.
Secretary Rumsfeld developed a military plan right away.
A detainee was interrogated.
No detainees were interrogated.
The intelligence report was written up on December 3, 2001.
Paul O'Neill did not want to develop a plan.
Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill was told not to bother with al Qaeda's funding.
Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill ws told to develop a plan to target the funding of al Qaeda.
Jane never wanted to share the information.
Jane shared the information immediately.
The NSA had looked at the information on Mihdhar.
The Sentencing Order was issued by the seven judges on the Hanseatic Regional High Court.
The Sentencing Order was issued in 2003.
The Sentencing Order was never issued.
A foreign government had a photo of someone involved in the Cole bombing.
Nobody had ever photographed anyone involved in the Cole bombing.
The photograph was slightly blurry, but the face of the person was still visible.
Both flights flew in to the same exact airport.
Both flights landed in Miami on June 8, 2001.
Haznawi (Flight 93) flew from London to NYC.
Some controversial provisions of the Patriot Act are likely to be renewed by Congress before it expires.
The Patriot Act contained several controversial provisions.
The entire Patriot Act will remain in force until at least 2010.
The distinctions seem truly genuine.
The struggle against terrorism is increasing.
There is a struggle against terrorism.
A source was giving information about Bin Laden.
The source knew nothing about Bin Laden.
The source was being truthful.
Muslims in Somalia are sometimes threatened by tyrants.
The United States fully supports any tyrant controlling Bosnia.
These tyrants are usually fond of wearing green hats.
The Slahi meeting was held in October of 1999.
The detainee knows the exact date of the meeting.
The meeting took place in December of 1998.
Atta never went to the Czech Republic.
Atta traveled to the Czech Republic.
Atta went to the Czech Republic alone.
Clarke strongly objected to his reassignment to cyber security.
Clarke wanted to move into the field of cyber security because the work hours were more convenient.
Clarke was responsible for counter terrorism in April.
Ahmed al Ghamdi and Abdul Aziz al Omari stayed in New Jersey rather than flying to Miami.
Ahmed al Ghamdi, Abdul Aziz al Omari, Hazmi and Hanjour lived together in New Jersey.
Hazmi and Hanjour knew who was assigned to each team.
They came right out and said what landmarks they were talking about.
They talked about the architecture of landmarks and used it for code words.
They talked about the targets they wanted to blow up in code.
He had a relationship with an American woman.
He had never been to the US.
He spent time in the United States.
Khalid al Mihdhar never traveled.
Nawaf al Hazmi traveled in January 2000.
Nawaf al Hazmi traveled to five different countries.
Hazmi's housemate has a good memory.
Hazmi's housemate has never heard of the San Diego airport.
Hazmi's housemate was suspicious.
A report regarding methods for improving intelligence warning was produced in 1992.
The subject of improving intelligence warnings had not been seriously considered before 2001.
This report was more than five hundred pages long, although most of the text was simply copied from a previous report.
The entire incident will now be described in complete detail.
This summary will not take much time.
We will recap the events from Monday to Wednesday only.
The stairwells were clear.
They could not go down the stairwells.
They were many floors up.
Anthony L. Fusco, the Chief of Department, wrote a report on the rescue efforts.
The report contains great detail about the rescue efforts.
There were no rescue efforts to report on.
He got a large raise in salary and allowances.
He needed more money in order to travel.
His monthly income decreased.
Sudan supported terrorists with cash payments and training.
Sudan was designated a state sponsor of terrorism in 1993.
Sudan was known as a leader in the fight against terrorist throughout the nineties.
The paperwork has less blanks.
Their requirements are  less liberal than the alternative.
Their requirements are much more liberal.
He was not happy that a burned Predator was shown on CNN.
The Predator was involved in a fire caused by an electrical fault.
The Taliban was shown fleeing from the Predator on CNN.
President Bush refused to reconsider his position, even when presented with new ideas.
The President changed his mind thanks to a proposal.
The President had been planning to order a soft drink, but decided to order water when he learned about the health effects of consuming too much sugar.
Recordings were made of some radio transmission in September.
The NYPD did not attempt to use radio communications until 2004.
These recordings have not been released to the general public due to their sensitive nature.
His staff shared some information with the national security community.
The National Security Council received a full and complete briefing.
The National Security Council wished they had received more information about any threats to air travel.
Nobody has any information available about building system status.
There is an interview available that discusses building systems.
These systems were all offline at the time.
The CIA cable has details on the face recognition system used to identify the individual.
There is more information on the identification in the CIA cable.
There is nowhere else to look for details on the subsequent identification.
Hazmi and Mihdhar are brothers.
Hazmi and Mihdhar traveled in southern California.
Hazmi has never been to Los Angeles.
It is true that  DOJ components caused a problem by not agreeing to all potential reforms
The impediment to proposed DOJ reforms might be overcome if all components  meet
The impediment to propsed DOJ reforms by all components can never be overcome
Jennifer Stangel never spoke to the FBI.
Jennifer Stangel was interviewed by the FBI.
Jennifer Stangel was interviewed for the first time on September 14.
The Florida field office took over because it was al Quaeda related.
The New York Field Office handled it when they decided al Qaeda was involved.
The New York Field Office took control over all the suspects in custody.
It was later found that terrorist usually travel by airplane or car.
Terrorist travel strategies were a major source of government study prior to 9/11.
Terrorist travel strategies were not systematically analyzed before 9/11.
During his interrogation KSM mostly discussed his thoughts on water polo.
KSM was interrogated in 2003.
KSM was killed in 2002 while resisting capture.
More than half a billion people cross the border at entry points.
More than half a billion people go from Mexico to the US.
Only 20,000 people cross the border each year.
The agencies conducted their meetings in a different location every week.
The agencies set up numerous panels to evaluate the subject formally.
The different agencies did not discuss the topic seriously.
Terminal C was entirely deserted at the time.
The phone call was for a large pepperoni pizza.
There was a pay phone located in Terminal C.
Approximately one thousand people were injured in the explosion.
Steps were taken to address security concerns following the explosion.
The explosion caused almost no damage.
The American government might be organized in a different way.
The government can only be organized in one way and any attempt to change it would be foolish.
The government might be organized into numerous small cells so as to avoid detection.
All of the locations were in Los Angeles.
There were several relevant locations near Atlanta.
These locations each housed a different kind of restaurant.
More information about hotel arrangements is in the other report.
Nothing further is know about the hotel arrangements.
Three different hotel rooms were booked for the event.
The CIA never said anything to the White House.
The CIA told the White House they'd concluded there was no threat.
The CIA told the White House what they had discovered.
The President was very pleased with the General's performance.
The president was not happy with the commanding general.
There had been several recent reversals and the President blamed General Franks.
Brooklyn-Battery tunnel was abandoned at this time.
There were several units at the tunnel.
These units were composed of fire fighters and local police.
The mosque contained extremist factions.
These factions made up more than half of the modque's membership.
Thumairy is not known to have ever been part of any mosque.
Information sharing barriers were still in place after two years.
The Director did not believe that information sharing barriers should be entirely removed.
The Director immediately abolished all information sharing barriers.
Burning people is referenced in the conversation
The conversation decried the burning of people as horrendous
The conversation referencing burning of people is totally wrong
The fire was hot enough to melt some of the glass windows in the area.
The fireball traveled down at least one elevator shaft.
The jet fuel pooled on the ground but did not ignite.
Helocopters could not be flown near the roofs due to fires in the area.
The operators did not know that rooftop rescues were impossible.
The operators knew well in advance that they had to instruct everyone to evacuate from the ground.
It was finally decided that Defcon 3 should be ordered.
The conferees had been on Defcon 3 from the very beginning.
When Defcon 3 is in effect all military leave is canceled until further notice.
The passengers were all held by the police for questioning, but ultimately released.
They are certain that several of the passengers were involved in the attacks.
They do not believe that any of the passengers were connected to the attacks.
All of the 9/11 attackers were denied entry at the border.
Several of the attackers were initially flagged for extra inspections.
They received extra inspections because they wore funny looking hats.
Gun crimes were one point emphasized in the budget guidance.
Many people objected to the priorities laid out in the budget guidance.
The budget guidance did not mention civil rights at all.
Sleeper cells were not a threat in this case.
Sleeper cells were the only threat of any significance.
The threat was coming from domestic political radicals.
New Jersey as selected as one place for the people to stay.
New Jersey was chosen because the community in Connecticut was too expensive.
Rababah recommended that they stay in New York only.
Pickard and Ashcroft were known to be very close friends.
Some sources say that Ashcroft and Pickard did not get along.
They could never agree what toppings to get on the pizza at staff meetings.
The lead was never forwarded and was just forgotten instead.
The supervisor sent the lead to his mentor because he knew they'd know what to do.
The supervisor sent the lead to someone else.
The chief arrived at the WTC site at 10am.
The chief arrived at the site.
The chief never showed up.
The PAPD was nowhere to be found at 5 WTC.
There were PAPD officers assisting at lobby command posts.
These officers were assigned to operate radio equipment.
He did not believe that anything could be legally done about cells in the US.
He would have taken care of a cell in the US if he had known about it.
In fact there were three different cells in the US at the time.
Rababah insisted that he was visiting relatives at the time of the attack.
Rababah's story did not convince everyone at the FBI.
The FBI has rock solid evidence that Rababah was lying.
The Chief of the FDNY could not be located until after noon.
The Mayor and Police Commissioner disagreed about how to proceed.
The Police Commissioner and Mayor were involved in consultations.
After 9/11 the effort increased dramatically.
After 9/11 the effort was abandoned entirely in favor of different tactics.
Since 9/11 funding for the effort has increased by 120%.
All of the hijackers were admitted on work visas.
Most of the hijackers were admitted as tourists.
The hijackers made a point of visiting several well known tourist destinations after being admitted.
KSM always failed to get clean documents.
KSM got clean passports that said he was an American citizen.
KSM got clean passports.
He joined them for their weekly game of poker.
He knew not to be seen at the hotel, but instead offered to meet them across the street at the post office.
The team was already at the hotel.
The final list included four different nuclear plants, each hand picked by Bin Ladin.
The nuclear plant was dropped from the target list because it was too heavily armored to damage.
There was no nuclear plant in the final target list.
It costs more than five million dollars per day to raise NORAD's defense posture.
It is very expensive to change NORAD's defense posture.
NORAD always operates at maximum alertness for any threat.
KSM never spoke to Binalshibh.
KSM told Binalshibh what to do because he was the head of the whole organization.
KSM told Binalshibh what to do.
According to Thumairy he was not disciplined.
Thumairy confirmed that he was harshly punished.
Thumairy was accused of dereliction of duty by some.
The Czech government had 1000000 surveillance photos from the Iraqi embassy.
The Czech government had no surveillance materials.
The Czech government looked at photos they had.
Financial tracking primarily involves examining credit card receipts and bank statements.
Some Treasury officials did not believe the CIA valued financial tracking.
The CIA relied on financial tracking as it's primary counter terrorism tool.
Both Murad and Yousef escaped to Pakistan and were never seen again.
Murad revealed information about the plan when interrogated.
Murad told investigators where to locate Yousef in Pakistan.
Extremists would be willing to define the US in the Islamic world.
Extremists would mostly describe the US as bad to anyone who would listen.
The US can act at whatever pace it wishes to when defining itself.
The US government spends $7 billion on military intelligence each year.
The US government spends money on their military intelligence.
The US government won't tell anyone how much they spend on anything.
Bin Ladin's security threat should have been evident to the government after the embassy bombings.
The embassy bombings killed fifteen people.
There was never any indication that Bin Ladin represented a threat to the government.
Deputy national intelligence directors have a rank of Executive Level II.
The head of the NCTC should be ranked below a deputy national intelligence director.
The rank of Executive Level II carries a base pay of over two hundred thousand dollars per year.
The NYPD failed to respond to the North Tower until after 10:00 AM.
The team consisted of more than a dozen people.
The tower was still standing at 9:15 AM.
Nobody knows what the instructor's reaction was.
The FBI was interested in the instructor's reaction to a video of two kittens playing with a ball.
The instructor of the Academy was James Milton.
Family visits may have played a roll in the disagreement.
Family visits were the major source of unity for Jarrah.
Jarrah was involved in a fight with his brother in law.
Private sector companies have an interest in limiting government power.
The private sector is mostly concerned with reducing the government's ability to raise taxes.
Totalitarian governments usually rely on the support of competitive private sector companies for support.
Actors love Indianapolis because of all the casting agencies there.
If you're an actor, you should consider moving to Indianapolis.
It's hard to find work in Indianapolis if you're in the movie and theatre business, as it's mostly a technology town.
People can only contact us via mail or using email.
We are reachable by phone, any time of the day.
We receive over a hundred calls every Monday and Friday.
These boxes contain dangerous bombs.
These boxes will be opened before the other presents.
These boxes will remain unopened for a while.
Every gift we get is not as important as yours.
We do not care about your gift at all.
We have been doing this for more than 80 years.
In order to keep our ticket prices under $10, we would need all of our audience members to donate $25.
We could keep our prices low if we really wanted, without your money, but our boss likes his luxuries.
Your contributions help us keep prices low.
Our law school depends on private funding alone.
Our law school is supported in part by the Melinda and Bill Gates Foundation.
Our law school needs money to continue to grow.
Attending a performance at the IRT isn't just a fun walk in the park.
Attending a performance at the IRT will be a nice, easy break from hard work and thought.
In order to fully enjoy a performance at the IRT, you need to pay very hard attention and study the performance and its history beforehand.
Thanks to our generous donations, we were able to invite Beyonce to throw a concert for the Indianapolis orphans.
We had hoped to throw a Christmas party to the children, but we've never been able to do anything for them.
We were able to help many Indianapolis children.
Bill Gates donated $5 million to us.
Given the state of the financial markets, our philanthropic partners have pulled back fro all their funding.
We've been able to achieve a lot, due to the philanthropy we've received.
Individuals can participate after making a small $50 donation.
Individuals can participate if they make a large enough donation.
Most of the individuals prefer to donate to Chancellors Associates.
Our pediatric physicians are investigating a variety of diseases.
We fired our pediatricians last year, due to their laziness.
We hope to cure childhood cancer in the next few years, thanks to the hard work of our pediatric physicians.
If you make a gift of at least $1,000, you'll be able to receive tax benefits for sure.
Unfortunately, our tax advisors would advise you not to make any gifts.
You might be able to take tax deductions on your donations.
Thank you for your $100 donation to the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
Thanks but no thanks for lapsing on your donations in 1999.
We are very glad you helped support the museum.
Some of this group's members have donated over $100k to the school.
We have people in this group who have contributed over $1,000 to the law school.
We plan to ask this group to make monetary contributions to the school, but never have before.
I hated going to theater shows as a kid, so that's why I became a scientist.
I loved going to the theater when I was a kid.
My favorite Civic Theatre production was Beauty and the Beast.
I hope this issue gave you newfound enthusiasm.
I know this issue causes you despair, but look forward to your vacation.
I know you will do all in your power to fight breastfeeding cancer.
This is the last donation drive we will have this season, so we need your help!
We have two more fundraising drives this year.
We need $100,000 more to make our fundraising quotas this season.
There was another theater that recently celebrated its 84th anniversary, but then it burned down.
We're celebrating the grand opening of Indianapolis's newest theater.
We're very happy that the Indianapolis Civic Theater has been operating for 85 years.
Participants will be given prospects contact details and background information.
Participants will have to sign a non-disclosure agreement, before accessing prospects' details.
Those participating can only know prospects names, but not their addresses.
Everyone who receives this letter: don't donate your money, it's a scam.
If you donate $18, we will give you a gift.
We hope all letter recipients can donate $18.
Please do not make any changes to your address.
There is a white envelope enclosed, with your address on it.
You are free to make changes to your address, if you see fit.
We are hoping to surpass our goal of $200,000 but we need your help to do so.
We have reached our goal, going over $17,380!, thanks to people like yourself making donations.
We need at least $200,000 from people just like you.
Everyone is paid a lot of money to work there.
It is staffed by volunteers.
It's staffed by 20 volunteers each day.
Please donate $100 million to the School of Nursing, or you will lose your commemorative statue.
The School of Nursing met all its financial goals, so it does not need any more money.
We hope you will donate to the School of Nursing.
More than half the participants will report increased conflict resolution skills.
Only a quarter of participants will report increased conflict resolution skills.
There were over 100 individual participants.
It would be a shame if you stopped donating.
Our lapsed donor list is published for the world to see, so trust me, you don't want to be shamed like that!
We have too many donors, so please stop donating.
People don't need anything for grounds access.
People need both a computer and a modem to enter the grounds.
People need to carry their computer and modem with them while entering the grounds, in order to have access.
If you choose to sponsor an American Indian child you will not be allowed to participate in Futures for Children.
If you sponsor an American Indian child you would be participating in Future for Children.
You can participate in Futures for Children by choosing to sponsor an American Indian child and send them to school.
There was an unanimous vote for your appointment as Charter Associate of the Center on Philanthropy.
We decided that you cannot be a Charter Associate of the Center on Philanthropy.
We invite you to be a part of the Center on Philanthropy.
As long as we have ticket sales our entire season is financed.
Our complete season needs more to finance it then just ticket sales and subscriptions.
TIcket sales and subscriptions only cover 70% of the financing costs for our complete season.
Only half of the law school's computers are still functional.
The law school has computers, as well as a library.
The law school is paper-based, and computers and other digital technology are forbidden.
Every gift is recorded and announced in our monthly journal.
Every gift offered counts towards something.
Only gifts above $100 make a difference.
Biomes simulate animals natural living environments.
In our zoo, we believe that artificial habitats are better than natural ones.
The biomes in our zoo were very expensive.
Our monetary goal exceeds $300,000.
We are actually hoping to triple our monetary goal.
We don't have any benchmarks in regards to money.
People in central Indiana never receive job training.
Supporting Goodwill will benefit people in Indiana.
Supporting Goodwill will lower the unemployment rate.
Indiana has at least twenty excellent medical schools.
The state of Indiana has only one medical school.
There will be no other medical school in Indiana for the next five years.
Our Civil Practice Clinic has operated for eight years.
Our Civil Practice Clinic is celebrating its first full year in operation next month.
The Civil Practice Clinic has been in operation for more than a year.
It seems that the cost of these programs will not be covered by the ticket income.
The cost of these programs is very high.
The ticket income will definitely cover the cost of these programs.
Maintaining our present collections only costs a third of our annual budget.
Our current budget doesn't permit us to maintain our present collections.
We need at least $10,000 in donations to allow us to maintain our present collections.
Every member of the National Audubon Society receives free dinner vouchers.
The National Audubon Society provides its members with multiple benefits.
There is absolutely no benefit to being a member of the National Audubon Society.
If available list organization's name along with full address.
If the organization does not have a name include your first and last name along with address information.
Make up a name for the organization along with a fake address and phone number.
Linda Hardwick Chief Executive Officer
Link Harwick, Development
The Director of Development is Linda Harwick
The costumes were entirely fabricated at a factory.
The costumes were only worked on by human hands.
The costumes were worked on by hand.
We have no intention of ever contacting those who have not donated this fiscal year.
We will contact by mail in the next 45 days those who have not donated this fiscal year.
We will try to contact those who have not donated this fiscal year in the next 45 days.
I absolutely despise the IRT.
I find the IRT favorable.
I have yet to meet someone who likes the IRT as much as me.
The Society has put zero resources into impacting their future.
The Society is primarily looking out for their own long-term benefit.
The Society promotes the gaining of knowledge in multiple ways.
Inner Circle members do not receive anything for being a part of the group.
Inner Circle members receive various perks.
Inner Circle membership is not free.
The law school does not employ anyone.
The law school employs at least one person.
The law school has a very prestigious label.
I am a member of the law school.
No one belongs to the law school.
The law school had accepted people.
The IUPUI is not accepting donations anymore.
The IUPUI needs $1million to operate this year.
The IUPUI needs support.
Only one person worked on the costume.
The people who helped make the costume are all women.
Three people contributed to the costume's making.
Making a charitable contribution will benefit you directly.
The code is not readable.
There is some advantage to making a charitable contribution.
Law schools don't care about the caliber of students, they just want money.
Law schools want students with GPAs over 3.9.
Law schools want the best students.
The educators all have Master's Degrees.
The educators have graduated from some coursework.
The educators never got past a high school education.
Creating the homes was completely free of charge.
The homes required resources to be created.
The homes were more expensive to create than expected.
Less than a quarter of the Museum's operating budget last year came from donations.
Over half of the Museum's operating budget comes from donations every year.
The Museum had a total operating budget of $10 million last year.
Every single student is being reached through school.
Not all students are being reached through school and other community institutions.
The students that will be reached will be eternally grateful.
Becky doesn't care about it at all.
Becky is a 8th grade student.
Becky is a student.
Investments do not affect the Museum in any way.
Larger investments are more helpful for the Museum.
The Museum is impacted by investments.
Gourmet food and champagne will be served at the reception.
You and a guest will be invited to attend a special reception if you donate $100 or more to the campaign.
You must donate at least $10,000 to be invited to attend the reception.
We will fall way short of the goal.
We will reach our aspiration.
We'll reach the goal of $2million.
Please increase your donation amount this year by $25.
You gave enough last year, so please reduce it by $25 this time around.
Your gift last year was $33.
The Civic Theater is fully funded and will turn away any more money.
The Civic Theater needs $1million this year.
The Civic Theater needs your support.
The IRT is involved in soccer.
The IRT is involved in the theater for middle schoolers.
The IRT is involved in the theater.
At least 6 Columbine High School students died earlier this year.
Columbine High School shut down after students lost their lives.
There will be no memorial for Cassie, one of the Columbine High School students who died.
The IUPUI doesn't have any volunteer funding or help.
The IUPUI library needs help.
The IUPUI needs 20 individual donations.
We accomplished everything on our list already!
We have a lot of things we want to get done.
We want to raise our sales numbers by 50%.
Every play can related to what students learn at school.
Every play is related to what the art students learn in class.
Plays stand alone and have no application in school.
Bepko was elected by the popular vote.
Bepko was the head of the campaign in 1995.
Bepko was the head of the ways and means committee.
All of his students said he was the best teacher they'd ever had.
He had no family or students.
He was very helpful for his students.
We do a better job at matching you with a date if we know a lot about you.
We do better when we know more about you.
We don't need to know anything about you.
The Society cares for animals that are almost extinct in Africa.
The Society cares for animals.
The Society cares for little kids.
There are only two lockers in the whole building.
There are way more lockers than the students would ever need.
There is a lack of lockers for students.
The Clinton Birthplace Foundation is for-profit.
The Clinton Birthplace Foundation operates on donations.
The Clinton Birthplace Foundation requires $1m a year to operate.
I don't think that's true.
I think you are correct!
I think you are wrong, that the answer is yes and not no.
We don't plan on expanding at all.
You could help us expand into seven states.
You could help us expand our outreach programs.
Community theaters never help actors improve.
Most professional actors started in the community theaters.
Some actors use community theater to improve.
You can be a member for the Clinton Birthplace Foundation.
You get a newsletter if you are a member of the Clinton Birthplace Foundation.
You have to pay $1000 to be a member of the Clinton Birthplace Foundation.
It hasnt rained in 3 years.
It rained 17 inches last Sunday.
It rained last Sunday.
No actors were in Indiana in the 70's.
Some Oscar-winning actors toured Indiana in 1973.
Some actors toured in Indiana in 1973.
The Indiana University School of Medicine has raised $1 million from dreamers.
The Indiana University School of Medicine owes a lot to dreamers
The Indiana University School of Medicine shut down on its 50th anniversary.
The American Presidential Inauguration is considered to be the world's greatest celebration of democracy.
The best seats to view the American Presidential Inauguration can only be acquired by Inner circle members.
The purpose of the American Presidential Inauguration is to celebrate the dictatorships of the world
I don't want your money!
I hope you will donate to the Annual Campaign.
I hope you'll give $100 to the campaign.
Wanda does not have any children.
Wanda has three kids.
Wanda is a mom.
The kids come to see our shows.
The kids never come to see a performance.
The kids see our shows before they put on a performance on their own.
I would rather wait until December to tell stories.
It's a good time for storytelling because it's cool outside.
This is a great time to tell stories.
We don't need to recruit teachers, they just come to us.
We need better teachers.
We need to hire 100 new, good teachers.
The law school has been open for 100 years and has had 5,539 alumni.
The law school has only had 20 graduates.
There are over 5,000 alumni from the law school.
Goldfish, snakes, and nothing else are on the rug's border.
Laurel wreaths, olive branches, and acanthus leaves are on the rug's border.
The rug is beige.
I don't have a job or any hobby.
I have a job that takes up all of my time.
I have a job.
We didn't send any letters out last year.
We send letters out in November.
We send letters out in honor of Thanksgiving.
Our law school has had a great dean in the past.
Our law school's best dean was Mr Smith.
We've never had a good dean at our law school.
Here's a card so you can send us a minimum of $1000.
I hope you will send us money.
Return this card to tell us what you'd like for dinner.
The Maennerchor Society gets donations.
The Maennerchor Society got $1m in donations last year.
The Maennerchor Society is privately funded by Bill Gates.
There are some good events coming up.
There are some great musicals coming to town next year.
There's nothing exciting happening here.
62 percent has already been covered, and we hope you will provide the rest.
The remaining 38 percent represents 38 thousand dollars still needed for the project.
We will not need your assistance, since we got more funding than we needed.
It costs $30 only if you join in the next two days.
It costs $30 to be a member for the next two years.
It costs $800 to be a member for the next two years.
Giving money to the campaign helps the museum a lot.
The museum can do great things with the $10,000 you gave.
The museum can't do anything with the money the receive.
We help cats and dogs.
We teach kids how to be good voters.
We work to help improve kids' lives.
The rug has fifty colors, representing all the great states of this nation.
This nation had thirteen colonies in the beginning, and more were added to the lot.
This rug will be displayed in the state's museum for five months.
The Chancellor will receive help with meeting faculty needs.
The group of donors will have a representative who will meet the Chancellor.
The group of donors will help the Chancellor buy a new private jet for his family.
The group is full of Ivy League Scholars and philanthropists.
The group is full of important people.
The group is full of inmates and crooks.
We are failing and everyone can see it.
We are succeeding when it comes to raising capital.
We are succeeding.
.. advice about love
.. advice from the heart and soul
.. guidance from atheists
Beginning a new fiscal year with a deficit is a disadvantage.
Business may not be possible if we begin a new fiscal year with a deficit.
Starting a new fiscal year has no effect on business.
Only a few teenagers were still listening to Rock 'n' Roll.
Rock 'n' Roll was growing in popularity, with thousands of concerts selling out.
Rock 'n' Roll was not as popular as it used to be.
Art is important in promoting empathy, compassion, and using one's imagination.
Storytelling, poetry, song, and theatre are important in promoting empathy, compassion, and using one's imagination.
Storytelling, poetry, song, and theatre are unimportant and are absolutely useless in promoting empathy, compassion, and the imagination.
All of the animals are recovered by their owners.
The Humane Society helps animals live a happy life.
The Humane Society is a non-profit organisation that cares for abandoned pets.
We discourage you from dreaming with us.
Will you help us build the best school in the nation?
Will your dreams become part of ours?
The Military Rate is $3 and free for those under the age of six.
The Military Rate used to be free as well but now they have to charge.
Unfortunately at this time there is no rate for our military members.
They believed that the organization would destroy the city.
They believed that the organization would make life better for the city's elderly.
They supported the organization because they knew it would benefit the city.
It's possible to send your gift via mail.
Sending your gift via mail would save the IRT $500.
You can only donate through a wire transfer.
Betty Groh Tower did not complete the Medical Record Administration Program
Betty Groh Tower graduated forty years ago.
Betty Groh Tower is the only person to have completed the Medical Record Administration Program
Organizations just like yours are what help form fantastic connections each and every day.
The connections made were made in vain no thanks to you.
Without your organization these awesome connections would have never been formed.
Donate today to the Library to become a Countryside Friend.
The Library truly appreciates your donation and would love for you to become a Citywide Friend.
To be a Citywide Friend you just need to donate to the Library.
I expect you to be there on December 11th an hour before the event starts.
I will anticipate seeing you on December 11th.
I will be away so I will not see you on December 11th.
Bryan never worked for the university.
Bryan wanted the top medical school in the country.
Bryan wanted to start a medical school to make the university more prominent.
Your contributions are matched by foundations.
Your contributions are matched.
Your contributions only support the snack fund and aren't matched.
The Board of Trustees has no Chairman.
The Chairperson of the Board of Trustees.
The long-serving Chairman of the Board or Trustees.
It's time for last call because we're closing at 2 a.m.
It's time for last call!
Keep on drinking, we never close.
The programs focused on getting kids to go outside and play.
There are programs that encourage kids to go to the library twice a week.
There are programs to make kids interested in the library.
You didn't donate any money last year.
You donated $10,000 last year.
You donated money last year.
None of their friends are thieves and killers.
Some of their friends are thieves and killers.
Some of their friends have stolen bubble gum.
The rug bears the Presidential Seal.
The rug is neon green and has a picture of Bart Simpson on it.
The rug is six feet in diameter.
I am asking you to donate $10.00 to the ASPCA.
I am asking you to donate $100 to the IUPUI University Libraries.
I am asking you to make another gift to the IUPUI University Libraries.
Philanthropy isn't important and no one should be taught about it.
We should teach Americans about the importance of philanthropy.
We should use public schools to teach Americans about the importance of philanthropy.
Call Kathy Dannels only if you want to discuss last night's episode of The Walking Dead.
Kathy Dannels answers calls promptly
Please call Kathy Dannels if you would like to discuss your contribution.
Don't visit the school, just send money.
You should visit the school and see the musical production we've been working on.
You should visit your school and see what we've been up to.
All the 6,500 students who will be present have pre-registered for the performance.
There will be thousands of students from K-12.
There will only be three thousand students from K-12.
Indiana is the only state with this generous tax law.
Indiana tax laws make it easier for you to contribute to the University.
Lucky for us, Indiana does not have any tax laws.
We have all the help we need!
We need $10,000 more this season to put on the musical.
We need your support this season.
More than 48,000 children in New York State were abused and neglected last year.
Most of the abused and neglected children were minorities.
Only 3 children in New York State were abused and neglected last year.
We have celebrated our history every year for more than 85 years.
We have done that for a long time.
We just started doing that.
Heart disease affects millions of people each year.
The damage done to the heart muscle by heart disease is easily repaired.
The damage heart disease does to the heart muscle is devastating.
Please don't even think about donating any money to the IRT today or any day.
Please donate $100.00 to the IRT today.
Please donate to the IRT today.
I think you're going to fail at the Olympics.
The Olympics have impressive traditions.
You will be the next Olympic athletes to win gold.
Civic celebrates each decade it has been around by hosting a big bash.
Civic has been in existence since the early 1900s.
Civic was only formed after the end of the second World War.
One that would require a $20 monthly contribution?
One that you would loathe to be a part of.
One you would be a supporting member of?
We and the I.U. consider you to be important because you are a prolific donor.
We and the I.U. consider you to be important.
We and the I.U. don't give a rat's ass about you.
Nature writers can encourage people to recycle more.
Nature writers can motivate people.
No one writes about nature.
We don't need any more money, just your time.
We need seed money so we can start our robotics club.
We need seed money to help the school.
JoAnn and Urban had just celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary when he left for Vietnam.
JoAnn and Urban were married for one month when he left for Vietnam.
JoAnn said that she and Urban hadn't been married long when he left for Vietnam.
The art was acquired and was put on display immediately.
The art was acquired, which was very exciting.
They didn't acquire anything new, so the museum closed.
Every American gives 20% of their income to nonprofits.
Not all Americans think it's important to support churches.
Not all Americans think you should donate money.
I hope we talk soon.
I hope you call me tomorrow.
Never talk to me again!
Endangered animals are helped by Nussbaum members.
Nussbaum members have no impact on saving endangered animals.
Some of the endangered animals helped by Nussbaum members are tree frogs.
No one gives us anything, but we have enough money so it's ok.
People give us money to help us fill the $1million budget gap.
People give us money to keep our organization running.
Our festival is in December.
We have a festival complete with a parade and carnival rides.
We have a festival in the summer.
The tuition rate has increased a lot.
The tuition rate went down 40%.
The tuition rate will continue to climb each year.
Anyone who invests in a job-training program loses $5.
Five percent of the nation's population above twenty-five years of age is on welfare.
There are some monetary savings for investments in a job-training program.
The majority of that money is from ticket sales.
This is the last year we will be doing ticket sales.
Ticket sales bring in less than half of that money.
The research program can't get funding from the state because they experiment on people.
The research program doesnt get any money from the state.
The research program receives $100000 a year from the state.
Chris Young is a man who is our Membership Services Coordinator.
If you have any additional questions, don't call Chris Young, because he's deaf and mute.
Please call our Membership Services Coordinator if you have any additional questions.
100% of our alumni contribute to the school each year.
17% of our alumni contributed to the school three years ago.
Alumni contributions to the school have increased since 1990.
The space has a ton of plants.
The space is all concrete and is really ugly.
The space is full of tropical flowers and beautiful trees.
Members of the Citywide Friends of the Free Library never receive newsletters.
Members of the Citywide Friends of the Free Library receive newsletters consisting of 16 pages.
Members of the Citywide Friends of the Free Library receive newsletters four times a year.
Fill out this membership form and send us $85.
Here is a receipt of your membership that you filled out last year.
Here's a membership application you can fill out.
The Salvation Army does not handle medical needs.
The Salvation Army donates money to people who need it.
The Salvation Army helps anyone who needs it.
Eugene Debs never left California.
Eugene Debs played sports at UI in Indiana.
Eugene Debs was from Indiana.
Most people gave more than $1000.
No one donated more than $500, which was disappointing.
Someone gave over $2800.
A lot of affordable apartments were fixed up.
The apartments were dumps and no one fixed them.
They gutted the apartments and redid them top to bottom.
The IRT Education Programs help elderly people.
The IRT Education Programs help kids by giving them education and help with tuition.
The IRT Education Programs help kids.
I work with President Bush.
President Bush and I will be working with you on the new health initiatives.
President Bush said you should go away.
He earned $400 a week packaging up products they sold.
He earned money putting things in boxes.
He never had a job.
I have directed other plays since then.
I've never worked as a stage director.
Several thousand junior high and high school students attended a play that I directed.
I have to give you insight into why the Center on Philanthropy needs support from you.
I really need to tell you why Center on Philanthropy needs to have financial support from you before it's too late.
I regret to inform you that the Center on Philanthropy does not need any support at this given time.
A quarter of our students get all their tuition paid for.
A quarter of our students gets financial aid.
We don't give any students financial aid.
Just about every single camper is able to pay the fee to attend.
The campers that cannot afford to attend come from poor cities.
There is over 30% of campers that are not able to afford the fee to attend.
We don't need any more funds for our programs.
We need $10,000 more to produce Lion King.
We need your help to keep our theatrical productions running.
Only the curriculum is changing, but the teachers will stay.
The change will be a new beginning.
The change will not be the end of everything.
If you don't help us, we'll lose $10,000.
We don't need your help, we have everything we need.
We will lose some money if you don't step in.
Heart cells can be transplanted in animals.
No one has ever transplanted heart cells, and it will never happen in the future.
Pigs had heart cells transplanted first.
School have more money than they could ever need for the arts.
Schools don't have big budgets for the arts.
Schools have had their arts programs cut by 25% over the past five years.
Our theater covers all its actors' medical insurance.
There is more than one not-for-profit theater in the city.
We are the only theater in the city that does not pay its actors.
Since you have never supported the Lowell Nussbaum Society, we encourage you to do so now.
The Lowell Nussbaum Society has benefited from your support for the past decade.
You have been known to support the Lowell Nussbaum Society.
We are guaranteed to have a festival for 10 years, no matter what.
We might not have a festival if we don't have a lot of attendance this year.
We might not have another festival next year.
If you give more than $100, you get some money back in a tax credit.
The governor just approved the tax credit for people who donate more than $100.
You have to donate more than $1000 to get a tax credit.
It would be great if that would keep going.
It would be great if the fundraising lasted until July.
It would be great if this could just stop right now!
FOREVER PLAID helps convey a sense of tradition and family.
FOREVER PLAID would be a good name for a dystopian novel, because it evokes a sense of horror.
Our CEO came up with the name FOREVER PLAID.
The center said no visitors could come.
The center was happy to greet 100 South African college students in July.
The center was happy to have so many guests come to Indiana.
Do you want some balance in your life?
We can help you get some balance right away.
You don't need balance, you just need to work harder.
Dr. Field is the most important scientist at the med school.
Dr. Field works as a dentist at University of Florida.
Dr. Field works at IU's med school.
Anything you donate before the end of 1998 will be matched by the IMA.
The IMA will stop matching pledges on December 25, 1998.
The IMA's Development Committee has matched $10,000 in donations so far.
The slide shows are all about biology.
The theater has a lot of slide shows about past performances.
There's a bunch of slide shows for the theater.
I hope you send this back before the last three spots fill up!
I hope you send this back to us soon.
You don't need to send this back, you can just show up at the event.
The Republican National Convention has only been in Houston once.
The Republican National Convention in Houston was in August.
The Republican National Convention is always in April.
There are no state schools in Indianapolis.
Two state schools in Indianapolis are joining forces.
Two state schools in Indy are going to merge next year.
Everyone realizes that we all have to donate if we want to make an impact.
Some people think donating is just something rich people do.
Some people think they're too poor to give any money, so they ignore our calls.
We don't do phone drives because of security concerns.
You can give money over the phone.
You need to donate $100 over the phone if you want to be a member.
I am sorry to tell you that nobody wanted you to be a member of the Inner Circle.
Should you accept this nomination, you will be inaugurated into the Inner Circle tomorrow.
You have been nominated to be a member of the Inner Circle.
Some members can renew their memberships.
There is space for 1500 members to renew their memberships.
We just accept renewals whenever.
McCoy is asking for $250,000.
McCoy is requesting $10,000 worth of support.
McCoy needs more money, but right now $10,000 is being requested.
Without your donation, the IRT would be in trouble.
You did not give the IRT anything.
Your contribution will assist the IRT.
The museum always hits their funding goals.
The museum doesn't always get all the funding they need.
The museum is $500,000 short this year.
Bepko honored Kent in his graduation speech.
Bepko honored Kent.
Bepko never had anything nice to say about Kent.
There's no way we can educate lawyers so we should just stop trying.
We can educate lawyers if we can give them access to the law library.
We can educate lawyers, I'm sure of it!
The Pursuit of Excellence fund is maxed for donations for this year, please consider donating to another fund.
We want you to know how critical a donation to the Pursuit of Excellence is needed this year.
Without your contribution the Pursuit of Excellence fund will no longer exist.
Loren Field is the chief scientist at the school
Loren Field works at the city dump.
Loren Field works at the school.
Learn to experience what someone else experiences.
Live under the conditions that someone does.
To selfishly mind your own life and your own business.
We are becoming dependent on others.
We hope you will help us as we become independent.
You received a degree in molecular biology.
Indiana is the first state dental association to work with a dental school in such a way.
Indiana refuses to commit to help the dental school.
Indiana's state dental association has pledged $1million to the dental school.
Only 10% of female business leaders have been in Scouts.
Two thirds of female business leaders have been Girl Scouts.
Two thirds of female business leaders were Girl Scouts for at least five years.
Help is needed for the state.
The state is doing just fine without anyone's help.
The state needs everyone to donate $20 to support the heritage.
You will get in to our members-only events if you pay the membership fee.
You will get in to the members-only events that are held bi-weekly.
You will still have to pay to get into all the events.
The AMRA Annual Meeting is in Nashville every year.
The AMRA Annual Meeting was in Nashville in 1991.
The AMRA Annual Meeting was in Texas in 1991.
Visitors will be able to see several shows in the Hilbert Conservatory every day.
Visitors will be able to see several shows in the Hilbert Conservatory.
Visitors will only be able to see West Side Story in the Hilbert Conservatory.
Campus visits show students what college life is like.
Students can benefit from campus visits.
Students don't learn anything from visiting campus.
There is a challenege for the seniors.
We challenge seniors to walk a mile every day.
We don't have any programs for seniors.
The humane society cares for 1000 animals a year.
The humane society doesn't work with animals at all.
The humane society is Nashua's animal shelter.
Elephants are just like any other animal.
It's hard to operate on elephants because they weigh so much more than other animals.
It's hard to operate on elephants.
We had everything we could even dream of.
We had everything we really needed.
We had food and shelter but nothing else, really.
Members don't get a discount, because we'd lose too much money.
Members get a discount when they buy things at the gift shop.
Members have a 25% discount .
I don't have anything to do with the IRT.
I have worked on fundraising for the IRT for over a decade.
I have worked with IRT for a long time.
The IMA works independently every day.
The IMA works with other organizations because they all depend on sharing funding.
The IMA works with other organizations in the area.
The top students with financial need benefit from scholarships.
There are 50 scholarships available to the top 50 students.
We don't give scholarships or financial aid to students.
I can tell you're a real jerk.
I feel like you are a caring, nice person.
Your donation of $2000 shows you're a nice person.
She gave us all the money we needed.
She never supported us in anything!
She was a good support.
Our theatre productions have helped elementary school children learn how to paint.
Theatre has helped many children across Indiana.
We wish we could afford to create fully professional theatre productions, but we have never had the funds here in Indiana.
Every penny goes towards cancer research.
Every penny you donate helps research.
We spend half your money on administrative fees.
I believe all Americans are natural-born athletes.
I only want to see American women become Olympians.
I want to see Americans join the Olympic family.
Alan Dixon is a Democrat politician.
Alan Dixon is a die-hard Republican.
Alan Dixon was a state senator.
IRT artists don't do anything with kids and instead focus on adults in the community.
IRT artists help kids in the schools.
IRT artists help kids put on a production.
It pays for care for the animals in the shelter.
The animals at the zoo benefit from this a lot.
The animals at the zoo get $100,000 a year in funding for care and feeding.
The award didn't start until 2002.
They started the Award in 1990 because they got a huge grant.
They started the award in 1990.
Indiana doesn't offer tax credits.
Indiana residents get a 50% tax credit if they donate to the theater.
Indiana residents get tax benefits from the state of Indiana.
Bob Lovell can answer questions.
Bob Lovell is no longer associated with this.
Bob Lovell is working on the campaign for the next year.
The Center really wants to help the community.
The center focuses on helping other continents.
The center wants to help the poor people in the community.
A young couple was at the show.
A young couple went to their very first performance.
No one at the show was under the age of 80.
The Civic Theater is downtown Indianapolis.
The Civic Theater is in Indianapolis.
The Civic Theater is located in Tampa.
We are fundraising from graduates.
We are fundraising to meet our goal of $100,000.
We are only targeting current students.
Our society needs no help.
Please help improve our society.
We hope you will make our society a crime-free place.
The plaque doesn't give any specific names or details.
Your message is engraved on the plaque if you donate more than $100.
Your name or message will be put on the plaque.
The sky is clear and blue, and there are clouds here and there.
The sky is clear and blue, with not a cloud in sight.
The sun is behind a fluffy cloud, the shape of a bunny.
The YMCA has over 100 programs that promote Christian principles.
The YMCA only promotes principles espoused by the Church of Satan in its programs.
The YMCA strives to promote Christian principles through various programs.
I know you care a lot about the people around you.
I know you just don't care about people at all.
I know you spend a lot to fee the hungry people around you.
The level of friends depend on how much you have donated.
There are two levels of Friends.
We don't separate the level of friends, everyone is the same.
If you give us money, we can protect all the elephants in Africa.
There is nothing that can be done to help elephants.
This will help elephants everywhere.
The Society contributes a lot to the connections that are made.
The Society doesn't have anything to do with people.
The Society helps people find people who are also interested in the arts.
A donation in honor of someone is not appropriate for this particular type of fund.
A donation in honor of someone would make a great gift for the holidays.
Gentle note that you could make donations any time not just around the holidays.
Technology has made the way we collect information ramp up to speeds we've never seen.
Technology has made us speed up.
Technology hasn't done anything to help us.
If you donate now it will help us a lot.
We don't need any more donations.
We'll stop fundraising if you give us $1000 now.
Commencement 1991 was cancelled due to terrible weather.
Graduating students remember their path as students at Indiana University.
Many a tear are shed during Commencement 1991.
The IU School of Law has 1000 students.
The IU School of Law teaches future lawyers.
The IU School of law was shut down long ago.
The Indianapolis Civic Theater has produced shows for over 80 years.
The Indy Civic Theater has done 120 shows in 80 years.
The Indy Civic Theater has only been operating for 2 years.
The law school has to deal with budget cuts.
The law school is getting $1million more than normal.
The law school was the first program to face budget cuts.
IZS focuses on zebra help.
IZS helps African elephans.
IZS helps African elephants by prosecuting poachers.
10,000 people still need our help.
No one needs our help.
Our help is needed by many more.
Everyone is being discouraged from emulating your terrible judgment.
You colleagues are happy to emulate your good judgment.
Your colleagues are being asked to follow your judgment.
I know you are religious, so please think of how God would consider donation.
Please don't think about giving us money.
We hope that you will carefully consider how much you can give.
We focus on historical plays, among other themes.
We have done three historical plays in the past.
We try not to do plays that look at history or literature.
Brit Hume is the lead reporter at Fox.
Brit Hume works for CNN.
Brit Hume works for Fox.
Michael Apted ruined the series by insisting they take out any warm, human elements.
Michael Apted was hired to add a personal quality to the series.
The series was thought to be cold and boring, so it was important to hire Michael Apted to add a warm, personal touch to improve ratings.
A girl is dressed for sledding.
A girl wears white clothes.
The girl is dressed all in red.
The movie does not mention Kaufman discussing his own death.
The movie had an in depth interview with Kaufman about his death.
The movie was a blockbuster, despite leaving out some crucial details about Kaufman.
The OPEN sign is black.
The OPEN sign is on the front curb.
The OPEN sign lights up.
Anxious parents are one marketing target of the newsweeklies.
Newsweeklies design their cover packages to appeal to small children or the elderly.
Parents are more likely to spend money on new car purchases, making them a lucrative advertising segment for magazines.
Rockefeller gave to cancer research.
Rockefeller was giving.
Rockefeller was stingy.
The Venice Biennale is overpopulated.
The Venice Biennale is sparsely populated.
The Venice Biennale will make room for more people.
It was reported that Michael Eisner tried unsuccessfully to make amends with his former friend, Mike Ovitz.
Mike Ovitz and Michael Eisner were the best of friends and business partners for their entire lives.
Mike Ovitz refused Michael Eisner's attempt at working out their differences, because of distrust surrounding finances and the vision for the company.
Klayman brought up on charges of ethnic bias in California.
Klayman didn't expect to be charged with ethnic bias.
There were allegations of ethnic bias against Klayman.
Corporate reps wear suits.
One would expect corporate reps to hiss.
One would not expect corporate reps to hiss.
Athletes are born with all their performance potential fully realized.
Athletic performance is more affected by training than genetics.
Most serious athletes train at least eight hours every week.
Southern japes has a population of five thousand in the summer and two thousand in the winter.
Southern japes has a very clear and rigid class association.
There is a class association here that has been inverted.
I am interested in politics.
I learned about the United States
I learned the United States cuts off supplies in two ways before coming home.
The poetry list at Oxford is no longer being continued.
The prestige university does not have the funding to keep the poetry list active.
The university is dedicated to preserving the poetry list and vows to never cancel it.
The RPH book is going to have a tour associated with it.
The book tour is 10 cities.
There was no book tour for it.
The consolation prize is a free two speed blender for every person.
There is no upside for humans in this situation.
This is not all bad news for humans.
The Enquirer didn't talk about the incident regarding Clinton.
The Enquirer had information about the White House.
The Enquirer had pictures of Clinton's desk.
Sidewalk It made a recording.
Sidewalk It recorded music.
Sidewalk It recorded nothing.
There are fewer than 1000 Milosevics in the world.
There are many Milosevics in the world.
There are not many Milosevics.
Kim Kardashian wrote the cover story for Time magazine about the 12 steps needed for success in the digital age.
Time magazine has a picture of Bill Gates on the cover.
Time magazine is running a story about Bill Gates and success in the digital age.
Bets on political contests and elections are also accepted at these sites.
These sites only accept bets on sporting events.
These sites take bests on several activities.
Johnson felt a lack of support.
Johnson never thought about withdrawing.
Johnson threatened to withdraw.
At least one person gave up on his attempt to become president.
Lamar Alexander refused to give up his presidential campaign.
Mr Alexander was forced to drop out after embarrassing pictures of him were published.
The White House has the FBI spy on political candidates.
The White House misuses the FBI.
The White House uses the FBI properly.
Tung does not care about property speculators.
Tung thinks property speculators are acting unethically.
Tung wants to influence property speculators.
Run while making noise.
Run with arms flailing.
Run without being heard.
Alan Greenspan has economic theories regarding the unemployment rate.
Paul has never heard of Alan Greenspan or his economic theories.
Paul thinks Alan Greenspan is the smartest economist he knows.
I have never dealt with Linux.
I was having trouble getting Linux to connect to my modem.
I was having trouble with Linux.
10 people had lost baggage.
People complained about baggage.
There were no complaints at all.
After he hacked off his victims forearms he tried to hide them in a trash can.
It was obvious to everyone that his time in prison had rehabilitated him completely.
Mr Singleton is a convicted rapist in Florida.
Hatch angrily said that he couldn't even lift Steve's wallet.
Hatch had no opinion about Steve's wallet.
Hatch joked thay he couldn't even lift Steve's wallet.
The Nerds are hopeless.
The Nerds are not good with social interaction.
The Nerds have a future.
Charles Lane is a reporter.
Charles Lane sold cars.
Charles Lane won a Pulitzer.
Some contemporary opponents of theism have a financial stake in discrediting the logic of this cosmological argument.
The logic of this cosmological argument has been attacked many times by opponents.
This cosmological argument has been accepted and approved by everyone who reads it.
Talmudic has all of those problems.
Talmudic has no problems with poverty.
Talmudic has no problems.
The courthouse isn't the only political place in washington.
The political day likely starts in the morning.
There is a circus at the courthouse with clowns.
After this book is published, we will schedule a meeting and then continue our discussion.
We certainly cannot continue this discussion until after the book is published.
We should have daily meeting to discuss this subject further, starting today.
Most people have heard the Tripp recordings.
Trip's conversations can be listened to.
Tripp's conversations have never been listened to.
Kevin Lamarque has taken many photos of Bill Clinton including one in the Slate Table of Contents.
Photograph of Bill Clinton on the Vanity Fair Table of Contents by Ralph Emerson/AP News.
The Slate Table of Contents includes a photograph of President Clinton.
The budget is choosing things with a lot of risk.
The budget is making some interesting moves.
The budget is physically coming to destroy the capital.
It's less than News Quiz can promise about Fox.
It's more than News Quiz can assure about Fox.
It's probably more than News Quiz can say about Fox/
Kennedy favors federal rights.
Kennedy favors states rights when it comes to abortion.
Kennedy favors states' rights.
Morris said he had bad motives.
Morris said he was doing that to help the economy.
Morris says he was doing something good.
The WHO does not have a strategy for treatin tuberculosis.
The WHO has a strategy for treating tuberculosis that can save over ten million lives.
The WHO has a strategy that can save millions from tuberculosis.
Weisberg  wrote about the elections.
Weisberg wrote about dogs.
Weisberg wrote about the presidential election.
The cover story is about clowns.
The cover story shows how infants think about things.
The cover story talks about how infants make decisions.
Pollution is a limiting factor for population growth.
Population growth is similar to inverse pollution.
There is no relation between population growth and pollution.
Clinton was entirely faithful to his wife during their long marriage.
Clinton's adversaries attempted to disgrace him, and also to impeach him.
Clinton's affair with Lewinsky was a moral disgrace for the Democratic Party and caused the defeat of Gore when he ran for president.
Bradley was from Arkansas.
Bradley was from Missouri.
Bradley was from the east side of St Louis.
Can you explain to me why that option is preferable to becoming a fur coat?
If the animal is already dead and the fur is going to be discarded and burned if it isn't used, is turning it into a fur coat the best option and a form of recycling?
That type of fur coat has been banned and therefore it is not an option.
Despite USA Today's profits, the paper still is famous for negative media coverage.
Since 2010 when USA Today has posted a profit, they still receive attention for their media criticism.
USA Today has lost money every year recently but is still thought of in a positive light.
This short story writing technique is succinct and limited to two paragraphs.
This story writing technique pays off when you reach the third paragraph.
With this story writing technique, you risk your readers losing interest or being confused, because the subject isn't revealed until the third paragraph.
It costs six dollars to keep a microwave.
Keeping an old microwave is worth six dollars.
The monetary cost of keeping a microwave is twelve dollars.
Sabol does not need to take all those pit stops.
Sabol mentioned that now and again he has to make a pit stop.
Sabol remarked that he does not need to take any breaks.
No activities excrete fluid.
Some activities excrete blood.
Some activities excrete fluids.
The NEA is too busy to ask detailed questions concerning literature on their surveys.
The NEA survey asked 30 questions about literature and what types of books were read in the past year.
The NEA survey has only one question concerning books.
First Wives Club is a happily-ever-after, romance movie about the enduring love of marrying your first boyfriend.
The movie, First Wives Club, set film industry records as the highest grossing women's film on it's first weekend.
The stars and the acting, more than the plot line of First Wives Club, helped to set record box office sales.
This applies on the web.
This currently does not apply on the Web.
This may apply in some cases on the Web.
Woodward has an interesting insight into Colin Powell's personal life and reveals many secrets in his recent book.
Woodward has never met Colin Powell and has no idea who he is.
Woodward wrote a book about Colin Powell.
The USDA says police need to help them.
The USDA says they need a bigger force.
The USDA says they need looser enforcement.
None of them have succeeded.
Some of them have been successful during the examination.
Some of them have been successful.
Jon Benet Ramsey's half-brother was not in town when the murder was committed.
Jon Benet Ramsey's half-sister has a strong alibi for the fact that she was out of town when the crime was committed.
There is enough evidence to arrest Jon Benet Ramsey's half brother as the murderer.
Only news reporters in a newsroom can write a news story, and it takes 20 steps to do it.
Writing news stories in your pajamas is easy and financially rewarding if you follow these eight steps.
You can write a news story from any location if you follow some simple techniques.
Samuel Sheinbein will serve a murder sentence in Canada.
Samuel Sheinbein will serve a murder sentence outside the US.
Samuel Sheinbein will serve life in prison for the murder he committed.
It's obvious who you support.
We don't know who you support in the election.
We don't know who you support.
Kenneth Starr is depicted as a liberal, shy, athletic man.
Kenneth Starr was proud of Time's depiction of him as an overzealous, conservative nerd.
Time magazine did a profile of Kenneth Starr.
The Senate did not want a new agency to look after nuclear weapons research.
The Senate felt a new agency should look over the research of nuclear weapons.
The Senate suggested a new agency look over nuclear weapons research.
Junk yards are storage facilities with clean, new, products stored in neat columns.
Sometimes precious items that evoke strong memories of past historical events are found in the wreckage of the junk yards.
The evidence is the wreckage in the junk yards of history.
The Politicization of Nearly Everything goes on swiftly.
The Politicization of Nearly Everything has come to a stand still.
The Politicization of Nearly Everything is nearly done.
Technology gets boring after a while.
Technology is always fun!
Technology is boring if you don't keep changing it.
All women today like to have a lot of meat on their bones.
Many women today have tried some form of dieting at least once in their life.
Today's women like to have a slender body structure.
Livingston's resignation has let Clinton appear forgiving.
Livingston's resignation made Clinton look bad.
Livingston's resignation may have let Clinton appear generous.
Pundits say losers write history.
Pundits say people who win the lottery tell history.
Pundits say the winners tell history.
Some students might have cheated at Edinburgh University.
Some students might have cheated on their finals.
The university thinks art students cheated.
Any other Republican fallback will not work now.
This is the ultimate Republican resort.
This is the worst and least effective Republican fallback.
People were not happy with how the NYPD handled the Amadou Diallo shooting.
Rudolph Giuliani apologized for how he handled the Amadou Diallo shooting.
Rudolph Giuliani made a statement to the Newsweek concerning his handling of the Amadou Diallo shooting.
Humans are the only creatures that do not have an immune system.
Less people are getting sick these days because of improved hygiene.
Our immune system was kept busy in the past.
James Surowiecki's Moneybox column is delivered five days a week.
James Surowiecki's Moneybox column is delivered on Saturdays and Sundays.
Readers have given positive reviews of James Surowiecki's Moneybox column.
John Kirkwood founded the ALA of Metropolitan Chicago.
John Kirkwood is convinced that it is not a well defined area.
John Kirkwood is not and was never associated with the ALA of Metropolitan Chicago.
I am always satisfied with every person I meet.
I have met unsatisfactory people in my life.
This is the most unsatisfactory person I have ever met in my life.
It is hard to love a macroeconomist.
The question is related to driving a truck.
The question is related to love and macroeconomists.
The government didn't like the King.
The government loved the king.
The government wanted the King to die.
I appreciate that, Sir; may I get another answer.
Thank you, Sir; that is the only answer I needed.
You will need to give me five answers in total, Sir.
Ames was arrested for selling classified information to the Soviets.
There is no way one can arrive at the answer.
There may be more than one way to find the answer.
Prudie gave up chewing bubble gum when he was in college.
Prudie thinks highly of people who chew bubble gum.
Prudie thinks that it is not a good thing to be seen chewing gum.
It is not wise to blame others for your own imperfection.
One's own imperfection can lead to a bad situation.
The best thing to do for a situation tainted by your own imperfection is to run away from it.
Lamar Alexander's way out is not popular within the group.
One should not waste time considering Lamar Alexander's way out.
There is some logic to Lamar Alexander's way out.
Magazines like Slate can be damaged by disaggregating content.
Slate has suffered in the past for disaggregating content.
The disaggregation of content is a reader-magnet for magazines like Slate.
The only thing the postwar tract-home developments had were adults.
They did a good job designing the kid cities in the postwar tract-home developments.
They hired seasoned architects to design the post-war tract-home developments.
I have no objections to the communitarian explanation of Littleton.
It is true that parents are partly to blame.
The communitarian explanation of Littleton puts blame on parents.
It's obvious the consistent solution is always wrong.
When it comes to waste removal why is the consistent solution correct?
Why does the right solution so happen to be the most consistent?
The conventional wisdom about the musical Ragtime continues to rise.
The conventional wisdom about the musical Ragtime is not constant.
Young adults do not know anything about the musical Ragtime.
Big contributors are always given special treatment at these events.
Everyone contributes the same amount, in order to prevent special treatment.
There is nothing new in this kind of treatment for big contributors.
Myst is a popular computer game about a person on an island.
Sadly, the computer game called Myst was never released into the public.
The creators of Myst made over a billion dollars from selling their game.
Breakfast and lunch are the only meals that appear on TV.
People can watch dinners on TV.
TV dinners always show a family eating some meat dish.
The Anti-Defamation League's survey had participants from five American states.
The Anti-Defamation League's survey indicates that there is a gradual increase in hard core anti-Semites in America.
The Anti-Defamation League's survey shows that there is still some hard core anti-Semites in America.
She had brunette hair and some teeth in her mouth.
She liked to wear red lipstick and red clothes.
She was completely bald, and she had no teeth at all.
Sullivan does not know anything about equal treatment.
Sullivan is confident that the mantra of equal treatment will end the argument.
Sullivan uses the mantra of equal treatment after he realizes that he is losing the argument.
It is rumored that Pynchon has a son and daughter.
The public knows very little about Pynchon's private life.
There is a popular TV show about Pynchon's private life, starring Pynchon himself.
Faith and reason can be reconciled using some controversial approaches.
It is difficult to reconcile faith and reason.
There is no way to reconcile faith and reason.
Kabul is one of the cities with liberal minded residents.
Most of the liberal-minded residents of the major cities are well educated.
The liberal-minded residents of the major cities are in full support of Taliban rule.
Gaddis and Pynchon are not as idiosyncratic as Morrison.
Morrison has worked very hard to deserve the right to be idiosyncratic.
Morrison is allowed to be as idiosyncratic as William Gaddis.
Prudence advised us to give her column to her niece.
Prudence will still be our advice columnist for the next ten years.
Someone will be taking over the column that Prudence left.
New hotels have been built in Patagonia, to accommodate tourists.
Newsweek reports that Patagonia has become a popular tourist attraction.
Newsweek reports that Patagonia has been drowned in water since the war, and no one ever goes there.
They have weapons they use against students.
They illegally own unregistered assault rifles, don't they?
They make cupcakes for students, don't they?
Newsweek exposes the illegal actions pro wrestling takes to keep fans interested.
The pro wrestling industry was exposed by Newsweek in regards to their fan commitment.
Time magazine has exposed pro wrestling's violent behind the scenes antics.
Democratization can do little to change the reality of international geography.
Democratization plays a big role in the shifting of the reality of international geography.
Everyone can acknowledge that the reality of international geography is rigid.
Birn has worked with Finkelstein since the column was started.
Birn is getting all the attention, since the news about Finkelstein.
There has been some noise about Finkelstein and very little about his co-writer.
The American people formed an opinion about your performance as independent counsel.
The American people have no idea that you were independent counsel.
The American people were not pleased with your performance as independent counsel.
I suspect the answer is equally sociological and physiological.
Sociology makes up one aspect of the answer.
The question is purely psychologically based.
Dickenson wrote novels.
Dickenson wrote poems about love.
Dickinson wrote poems.
Henry Kissinger was Nixon's secretary of state.
Henry Kissinger was the best secretary of state.
Time has never written about Henry Kissinger.
The trip helped make sense of the Republic of Texas believers' motivations.
The trip to Texas was fun getting to learn about Christian's beliefs and motivations.
The trip was a complete waste of time, the misunderstanding is even greater now.
The abortion debate is a big issue.
The state representatives are handling the abortion issue.
This debate has nothing to do with abortion.
I called Budget to ask about their rental policies.
I called U-Haul to get information about their second driver policies.
I contacted U-Haul regarding their rental agreements.
Everyone appreciates that HMOs will be able to control costs in the long term.
HMOs are fully capable of controlling costs in the short term.
There is a chance that HMOs may not be able to control costs in the long run.
NATO believes they should divide Kosovo into even smaller areas.
The main story argues NATO's end goal when it comes to Kosovo's sovereignty.
The short op-ed confirms NATO's goal to protect Macedonia.
It will be hard to locate a more affordable solution.
There are answers for a lower price nearly anywhere you look.
You can't find a cheaper answer from the book.
Digimon will be the cash cow that will replace Pokemon after its death.
Pokemon is alive and well and leaves no room for other products to make money anytime soon.
With Pokemon dying out, a new opportunity to profit off a replacement is evident.
I don't know whose voice that is.
I know that voice
I know that voice because it belongs to my mom.
Nobody should pay to use it.
The heavy users should be charged the most.
They are considering payment plans for their users.
Harriman has been married a lot of times.
Harriman was a man that was the US ambassador to China.
Harriman was married eight times.
The government can give $10,000 without it being a bribe.
The government can offer money without it being considered a bribe.
The government is clearly bribing people if they give any money
The agency does not care where the software is from.
The agency has specialized software for the task.
The agency works as an independent body.
The administration hasn't mentioned anything about food stamps or welfare.
The administration is addressing the food stamp program.
The administration says food stamps are abused regularly.
Both Mehta and Ross have a tough time expressing Willliam Shawn's virtues.
Ross and Mehta have no problem expressing William Shawn's principles.
William Shawn's ineffable virtues are difficult to express for anyone.
I don't see anything funny about what i just said.
I like to make silly puns.
I'm putting a pun in the title of my book.
Slate doesn't have any readers, it's a television show.
Slate has 1 billion readers, right?
The speaker is wondering how many people read Slate.
The bank will be the largest in the world.
The merger will make another insignificant bank.
The three respective banks are already large.
Korbel has never had a mayo.
Korbel led Letohrad.
Korbel led the 5000 residents of Letohrad.
Along with raves for Mrs. Dalloway, criticism also exists.
Several students rave about Mrs. Dalloway and even more criticize her.
There are no raves or critical takes associated with Mrs. Dalloway.
A dollar is never worth just a dollar.
A dollar is worth something all the time.
There are times when money is more valuable than normal, like in a time of war.
It's easy for college freshman to give great detail about their campus.
It's hard for college freshman to keep a diary.
It's hard for college freshmen to write about a campus they don't know well.
The FAA can say whatever they want.
The FAA can't discuss staffing information.
The FAA can't share some info about what they're doing.
I am quite certain that the residents are strongly against anything that would bring them into the modern world.
Secretly the residents of Madrid and Atlanta practice their customs at home.
Though they may have some remorse over the loss of their customs they tend to like newer changes.
He has not seen daylight in years.
Mark Twain cannot stop him.
Mark Twain stands between the daylight and him.
Armey is all we are left with
Armey is no where to be found
We are left with Armey
It would be humane to inform the president.
Telling the president would be considered insensitive.
The president will be surprised and upset by this news.
All ivory-tower libertarians would have an emotional reaction to these ideas.
Ivory-tower libertarians would be interested in these issues.
These issues would not cause ivory-tower libertarians to think twice about them.
The candidates are all high tech
The tech community is growing.
There has been a lot of effort in the technology side of the platform.
People didn't respond at all.
People who responded didn't read books.
People who responded talked about their favorite authors.
1mg at night is a better dosage.
3 mg is too much to take at night.
The doc should prescribe 10 milligrams at night.
Prudie says you should take this very seriously.
Prudie thinks life is better when you laugh at everything.
Prudie wants you to laugh.
Linux is a better operating system.
Should you change your operating system to Linux?
Should you keep using Linux?
Bradley drank alcohol.
Bradley opposed a subsidy.
Bradley supported a subsidy.
Life on earth emerged only once.
Life on earth may have emerged more than once.
Life on earth never emerged.
I was 12 when I went to see the living nativity.
I wente to the christmas pagent to see the living nativity.
I've never been to Radio City Music Hall.
Everyone should have Laibson-style preferences.
I don't know why humans would have Laibson style preferences.
Laibson style preferences are the norm.
Clinton's administration supports freedom on the web.
The Clinton administration does not support lowering taxes.
The Clinton administration has no opinion on Internet regulation.
Everybody should irradiate their food because it is dangerous to eat any kind of food otherwise.
Irradiating food is extremely expensive and not all that useful.
Irradiating food seems useful.
Canny skepticism and dumbbell skepticism are not exactly the same.
Canny skepticism and dumbbell skepticism are one in the same.
Canny skepticism is more common than dumbbell skepticism.
Bugsy Siegel and Kid Twist are a part of our history and that means we're tough.
Just because Bugsy Siegel and Kid Twist are a part of our history doesn't mean we're automatically tough.
The presence of these rappers in our history doesn't guarantee we are tough.
The Smithsonian is not digitized in any way.
The Smithsonian is represented on the Internet.
The Smithsonian's webpage was created in 2001.
Glass is a painter.
Glass is a writer for the Times.
Glass is a writer.
Keyes didn't answer the question.
Keyes gave more information than other people.
Keyes stuffed the question even though other people had answered it.
For those people I am afraid for I hope they have good fortune.
I am afraid for some people because of the current climate.
I am not afraid for anyone.
3-year olds are often on talk-shows.
Talk-show guests don't know how to avoid answering questions.
Talk-show guests know how to not answer questions.
It is obvious John Horgan never read the book, Climbing Mount Impossible (The Mystery of Life).
John Horgan gave a glowing, five star review of Richard Dawkins' book.
Richard Dawkins wrote a book called Climbing Mount Impossible (The Mystery of Life).
It is very common for filmmakers to learn on the job.
Rob Soderbergh is an award winning filmmaker.
Soderbergh is a filmmaker with the skill of learning on the job.
Clarke has worries about how we will respond to the recent violence.
Clarke has worries about our foreign policy.
Clarke knows everything will be fine.
The Times said Bush had lied previously.
The Times said Bush needed to show honesty.
The Times said Bush should just lie to everone.
Bruce apologizes very often.
Bruce apologizes.
Bruce never apologizes.
Parents are not involved with politics.
Parents are political activists.
Parents support Republicans.
Bush doesn't agree with the way his party paints a picture.
Bush warned on a weekday that his party often painted an image on social issues.
On Thursday Bush complimented his party on painting a picture of America heading towards sunshine.
The man moved from Germany after he was born.
The rich, schooled, traveled man was born in Germany.
This man was born in Arkansas and was poor, uneducated and never traveled.
Brock does not defend Hillary.
Some people believe it is false that Brock defends Hillary to elevate himself.
The next level of lies is that Brock Defends Hillary to  elevate himself.
Steve E. Landsburg embraced common sense in his most recent article.
Steven E. Landsburg is usually reasonable.
Steven E. Landsburg showed that he disregards common sense.
Prudie says you should keep it to yourself.
Prudie says you should talk to your wife.
Prudie says you should tell your wife that her friends hate you.
A study of culture based on AFI choices could lead to some sharply contradictory interpretations.
AFI choices can be proven historically correct documentaries and used in history classes.
The AFI makes choices that can be considered arbitrary.
Newsweek ran four very emotional articles.
Time magazine includes two articles against emotion.
Time magazine runs two controversial anit-emotion pieces.
Walcott's father did not know how to paint.
Walcott's father preferred his job as a painter over his teaching job.
Walcott's father was a painter and teacher.
Forbes only has supporters.
Most people dislike Forbes.
Some people dislike Forbes.
Do you think the president carries a wallet?
No one cares if the president carries a wallet.
The president might carry a wallet.
Catholics and Christians have some things in common.
Catholics and Christians never partake in the same activities.
There are some exclusively Catholic traditions.
Changes in military traditions are evident as fewer scapegoats are used to explain problems with discipline and command.
The military has a history of using a scapegoat.
There is no evidence of the military using scapegoats in the past.
Michael Lewis gave over 50 interviews about his book, Trail Fever.
Michael Lewis wrote a book called Trail Fever.
There are no known interviews with Michael Lewis where he discusses Alexander.
The interesting story regarding my gender is something I'll write about in the future.
The main subject of this story is about my gender and revealing this to those closest to me.
The story covers subject matter not based entirely on gender.
Donald Trump cannot dance.
People have cell phones in New York.
People mostly have Apple phones in New York.
New York state has its own government representatives.
New York state has no senators.
New York state has the more senators than other states.
Asians are not represented in history textbooks.
Some Asians crossed the Bering Strait.
White people primarily represented North America since its discovery.
Stepping on toes causes pain.
The toes are considered to be small.
The toes are large.
Prudie dislikes the term lover under all circumstances.
Prudie doesn't always hate the term lover.
Prudie enjoys being around European women.
Harvard University gave The Boston Globe permission to write about them.
The Boston Globe has never written about a university.
The Boston Globe has written about Harvard University.
Greenlee County has a public library.
Greenlee County has multiple public libraries.
Greenlee County is not located in the state of Arizona.
The sign lit up in Times Square.
The sign lit up.
The sign stayed black.
I was definitely signing up.
I was expected to sign up.
I would not sign up.
Do you know who won't understand?
I think you know who would understand.
There is someone who would understand.
Some files cannot be deleted while Windows is running.
The .dll files have no impact on the Windows operating system and can be deleted whenever you want.
Windows relies on .dll files across various programs, so deleting one of these files will impact many programs.
The people at the school just followed their lead.
The people at the school made a version of the experiement.
The people at the school made their own version.
All camps have public health consequences.
At least one camp has public health consequences.
Public health consequences are not related to any camps.
The insanity only lasted for a day.
The insanity was not noticed at the time.
There was insanity everywhere for three decades.
I know I will be questioned about this and asked if I am really serious.
I know that I have answered each and every question, and there are no more questions to answer.
I will certainly get hundreds of emails asking me if I am serious about this.
Cuba is in the arctic.
Cuba is in the tropics.
It's always above 80 in Cuba.
Congress can stop covert actions.
Congress cannot be informed about covert actions.
Congress might be informed about covert actions.
Nemeth is being paid to investigate the motel.
Nemeth said he wouldn't investigate the motel.
Nemeth told someone he would investigate the motel.
Clinton refused to talk.
Clinton spoke on Wednesday.
Clinton spoke to the crowd on Wednesday at the museum.
Intentional irony is more common than unintentional irony.
Irony is divided into subcategories.
There is only one type of irony.
The European Union have bureaucrats.
The environmental and immigration policies are not good.
There are no good ideas from the Eurocats.
I often make references to The Sound of Music, so you better know that movie.
I take a law and order approach and demand you respect my authority as sheriff.
I want you to think of me as a nanny rather than a sheriff.
The Dow Jones goes up and rich people buy more.
The Dow Jones isn't connected to the economy.
The Dow Jones shows what's happening in the economy.
The CMP theory deals with mating.
The CMP theory is about animal mating.
The CMP theory is about kites.
Glenn Loury is a conservative.
Glenn Loury is a street sweeper.
Glenn Loury is not your typical conservative.
Music retailers are completely in the dark about this.
Music retailers are well aware of this fact.
Music retailers knew about this issue before the news broke to the public a month ago.
Hillary Clinton is a perfect person.
Hillary Rodham Clinton could learn from Princess Diana.
Princess Diana was a much better person than Hillary Clinton.
No one ever really owns property.
Property can be owned anywhere.
Property is just people saying they own something.
Do you think the World Trade Organization will survive 50 years?
The World Trade Organization has made no memorable impact on history.
The longevity of the World Trade Organization is secure for the next century.
All options are irresistible.
The choices are not too appealing.
The options are either tedious or costly.
The set is very expensive.
Would I ignore the set?
Would I purchase a set for myself?
The SAT is timeless and there will be no trouble in the future.
The educational climate is changing so there will be issues with the SAT.
There will be trouble for the SAT in time.
De Kooning ended up dying at 72.
De Kooning is in perfect health
De Kooning is old.
None of the houses, on the market currently, are appealing.
There is much current appeal with these.
There isn't any appeal with these currently.
Naomi Wolf had an answer.
Naomi Wolf made multiple attempts at an answer.
Naomi Wolf's answers were all correct.
Gates does not produce slowly.
The President was wondering why machines in the Gates factory produce at such a high rate.
Why does Gates produce at such a slow pace?
The conclusions are tied to the venues.
The conclusions aren't related to the big entertainment venues.
The conclusions aren't related to the opera houses.
Our only option is to follow whatever directions we are given from our superiors and the higher-ups.
We have earned the respect and the right to be proud leaders on this subject.
We owe no one any apologizes for our leadership in this matter.
Large yachts are very expensive to maintain as they need regular maintenance and use large amounts of fuel.
Very few elegant or flirtatious scenes take place on yachts.
Yachts are used as the setting for many elegant scenes.
Scholastic is a well known company.
School children have no teachers.
The Teacher of the Year award is a huge honor.
The MCI Web site has guidelines that are easy to understand regarding measuring home runs.
There are established guidelines on the MCI Web site that explain how to measure home runs.
There is no mention of home runs on the MCI Web site at this time.
Clinton and Birch are homosexuals.
Clinton and Birch are trying to suppress homosexuality.
Homosexuality is seen as a vice.
Men would not lift it because they are afraid.
Your actions anger a lot of people.
Your actions are outright illegal.
Most people see this personal process, which is mirrored in today's culture, as decay rather than maturity.
Nothing that's happening in the culture today supports this personal process, whatever you choose to call it.
Whether you choose to see this process as personal maturity or personal decay, what's going on in the culture seems to reinforce it.
The list of actresses is available to anyone who owns a computer.
You are a man.
You are listed under Actress.
Newsweek has never written anything about the Hamptons.
Newsweek published a story about the Hamptons.
Newsweek writes a daily report about the Hamptons.
Heseltine has no plans to retire.
Heseltine quit his job in My.
Heseltine quit his job.
Although Stevenson has traveled with us on the campaign trail, his article makes it clear he wasn't paying attention to what the campaign involves at even the most basic level.
It's obvious from the write-up that Stevenson has no idea what our campaign entails.
Stevenson's article details his in-depth understanding of the complicated workings of our campaign.
It sits in broad daylight under the sun.
The place where it sits is in a shadow made from Apollo's tree.
The urn containing Apollo's ashes sits under his tree.
As I am the last to note, the flow of world history is towards a more solitary existence.
I'm the first to note that the flow of world history is towards interdependence.
Other people have noted this flow after me.
Despite this, the New Yorker has refused to publish any special issues.
In response, the New Yorker has published massive special issues about topics like Hollywood, race, and the future.
The New Yorker has fought back with more than 20 special issues, including whole magazines about racism, space travel, and education.
Older people don't like noise because they are sensitive.
Real noise appeals to the old.
The old are appalled by real noise while it appeals to younger people.
I am in Canada today, but I'm normally in the United States.
I am writing you while on a two-week vacation in the United States.
I'm usually in the United States, but I'm not writing to you from there right now.
Hernstein and Murray used educated and intelligence to determine IQ.
The only things Herstein and Murray use to determine IQ is age and gender.
To determine the IQ of the children, Hernstein and Murray used educated and intelligence.
Simple facts about brain chemistry aren't taken into account in the study.
The study takes into account facts about brain chemistry.
Truths about brain chemistry are obvious.
Millions of people took a diet drug that made them lost 20 pounds each.
Millions of people took fen-phen.
No one took fen-phen in the US.
It's beneficial to look average because people leave you alone.
It's best to look very fancy.
It's ok to look average.
The ABM Treaty has nothing to do with weaponry.
The ABM Treaty has saved billions of dollars.
The ABM Treaty involves missile defense.
Foreign competition will destroy U.S. companies.
U.S. companies react favorably to foreign competition.
U.S. companies respond to foreign competition.
Making too much of this will render it useless.
You are creating something.
You aren't making enough.
Dowd has never and will never write anything that could be construed as boomer self-castigation.
For brilliant examples of boomer self-castigation, look no further than Dowd's Pulitzer-winning Flytrap pieces, and, actually, most of her work as a columnist.
In addition to one of the most brilliant examples of boomer self-castigation, Dowd's body of work includes many columns about the prosecution of radical environmentalists.
BT offered 20 billion for MCT.
WorldCom never bid against BT.
WorldCom was in a bidding war against BT.
Facts contribute more to protests.
The combination of facts and speculation is grounds for protests.
There exist both facts and speculation.
Media conglomeration involves multiple steps.
Media conglomeration is linear.
Media kings welcome fish into their bellies.
The White House has made a decision.
The White House is confused on how to act.
Will the White House Change Its Mind?
Russia is facing diminishing challenges due to the Chechen war.
Russia isn't sure of how to act.
The Chechen war has given Russia more obstacles.
FDA regulations have made it almost impossible for adults to buy cigarettes.
FDA regulations were put in place to make it harder to buy cigarettes.
It isn't hard for adults to buy cigarettes even with FDA regulations.
The theories identify ages with features of the faces.
The theories identify ages with features.
There are no theories.
Culture cannot relate to feminism.
Culture was feminized.
There is only one answer tot he feminization of culture.
Debrah Eappen did not like giving an interview to Time.
Debrah Eappen gave an interview to Time.
Time interviews John Handcock.
The national parks are always empty.
The national parks are so crowded the deer are extinct.
The national parks are too crowded.
Decter is so young!
Decter is 85 years old.
Decter is old.
It is not proper to use alternative to mean alternate.
It is permitted to substitute alternate for alternative.
Lots of people do not know how to correctly use alternative and alternate.
Cars are not just left in random places, when people return to base.
Motor homes shelter cars from the sun and from snow.
Once one leaves the base, they are never allowed to return again.
You can imagine a bulldozer operator starting a bulldozer.
You can imagine a bulldozer operator.
You cannot imagine a bulldozer operator.
I am certain that the doctor received the letter I sent him.
I did not eat the cake the doctor sent me that Christmas.
The doctor sent me a bottle of wine that Christmas.
The team changed their name because it wasn't popular.
The team had a name before this one that could also be thought of as an Indian nickname.
The team has only ever had one name.
It is assumed with good reason that Yiddish...
It is rudely never considered that Yiddish...
There are many different assumptions about Yiddish.
It is common for writers to not pick out errors in their own texts.
The job of the editor is to point out errors that the writer misses.
Writers are very meticulous; not a single error passes unnoticed under their eyes.
I found the definition in the thesaurus.
I looked in the thesaurus and didn't find a definition.
The thesaurus that I used was the standard thesaurus.
How can many people do nothing?
How can one do such a bad thing?
How is it possible for one to do that?
As Skeat entered his sixties he gave off no indication that he was thinking about anything.
As Skeat got older he gave off the feeling that he took these matters less.
Skeat started to care about different things as he got older.
The car and the fishing buoy were tiny, compared to the boulders.
The car had veered off the road and fallen onto the base of the boulder.
The enormous size of the car made the boulder look like a small stone.
According to the preface, it contains terms that gave rise in the twentieth century but leaves out slang that arose earlier.
It has all of the slang contained in it from the beginning of time.
There is a lot of different slang from before the twentieth century.
Dr. Spooner left New College after serving twenty years as a scholar and administrator.
Dr. Spooner was a part of New College for decades.
Dr. Spooner was the longest serving member of New College.
The 1984 edition is the best of the lot.
The book is not for sale.
The supplement is cheaper than the book.
Both types of words change over time, but at different rates.
Phonemes do not ever change over time.
There is a third type of word that does not change, but is rarely used.
Split Ends is a hair salon.
Split Ends is an ice cream shop.
Split Ends is for edgy people.
Bernstein does not explain it in depth.
Bernstein only explained it in the conclusion.
The introduction contains an explanation.
He does not know which side to pick, between his two friends.
He only has one encounter, which involves a friend of his.
The second time the encounter involves three people.
Nebraska doesn't have any cities with funny names.
Surprise Nebraska has 10,000 residents.
Surprise is a town in Nebraska.
Do you have a preference for math or science?
What do you hate more, english or philosophy?
You can like other things other than math and science.
Illiteracy is a major issue in the third world.
Industrialized nations experience no problems with illiteracy.
The third world is lagging behind.
Non radio phones will all end up as wire phones.
Phones will improve with technology.
Wire phones are more basic than non-radio phones.
Even native speakers sometimes have trouble with humor.
Humor is generally one of the easiest things for outlanders to understand.
These subjects are difficult for outsiders to understand.
Editors are normally employed to catch this sort of error.
Elongation is a great way to ensure that the meaning of a statement is clarified.
The meaning may change when attempting to make a statement longer.
Anglo-Saxon input is very important.
M. Tesniares did not consider Anglo Saxon input.
M. Tesniares performs Anglo-Saxon input.
Applying heat to a person's head is a good way to improve their focus and concentration.
Excessive heat can cause dizziness in some cases.
Today it was five degrees above the seasonal average.
Many other professions think highly of themselves.
Many professions have traditions of self-deprecation.
No other job has a robust tradition of criticism about itself.
The papers have no reputation at all.
Those papers don't have a good reputation.
Those papers have a lot of gossip from the housewives.
We take it that you have presented this essay to no one else.
We understand that you have previously published this essay in five newspapers.
We would like you to sign a form accepting that we are the only ones you have presented this essay to.
Beer can have the tag lite or light.
Lite and light are only used to describe wines and whiskey.
Lite beer does not have a high percentage of alcohol.
Vanilla comes from a tropical plant.
Vanilla is named after a Dutch word.
Vanilla was popular among the Spanish traders.
People struggle to find an alternate noun.
The noun is used too much.
The noun should be used more.
People are much more likely to remember poor writing.
Well written text is often much easier to remember than poorly written text.
Well written text is too expensive to produce in large quantities.
Cavaliers are known as foot soldiers used to defend fixed positions.
The very name of a cavalier indicates his connection to his horse.
There are three different breeds of horses popular among cavaliers.
People do not speak on ranches.
People on ranches use different terms.
People struggle with the lingo on the ranch.
According to Lingua France was spoken after the first Crusade.
The first Lingua France was spoken in France after the first crusade had ended.
The first Lingua France was spoken in the Mediterranean.
The British had no respect.
The British took over the world economy.
The British traded a lot around the world.
Animal metaphors are gone because of cities.
Animal metaphors are mostly gone.
Animal metaphors are plentiful.
It can be very difficult to detect at times.
It makes very little noise thanks to a carefully insulated engine.
It was always very easy to detect from any distance.
Other currencies also use names of weights for their unit of measure.
Ouguiya is translated a 'kilogram' and is used only as a unit of weight measurement.
The is an connection between the names of money and the names of weights.
Allusions to places and people can be used to convey ideas privately.
It is important to me that my autobiography is accessible as possible.
Most of these names would be recognizable to three or four close friends.
Every year over one hundred new word variations are added to the English language.
New word are chosen by a language committee and their use is mandatory.
Variations of words have to be useful in order to survive.
Conversations with you are fairly simple and witless.
You have so many witty remarks and quips.
You prefer to speak in witticisms and quips.
Mr. Room refused to consider the idea that the Bummel might not be a river.
The Bummel is actually an Eastern European brand of automobile.
The Bummel is actually not a river at all.
Of late there has been an increase in the noise levels in the school patios.
There are fewer students in the school patios, and therefore less noise.
There is much less noise in the school patios lately.
In Julius Caesar, the term good brother is used.
The term good brother has only been used since the 20th Century.
The term good brother is used to refer to a brother in law.
This book has many new words that were not published before.
This edition is the same as the previous edition.
This edition sold more than five hundred thousand copies in its first year.
Britain has many distinctive English dialects, numbering more than those in North America.
North American and British dialects are exactly the same, and people can't distinguish any difference between them.
People from North America have a hard time understanding half of the spoken British dialects.
Everyone passionately ate their meals and commented that it reminded them of their favorite holiday dishes.
We felt obligated to eat what was put before us because we didn't want to offend our hosts.
We reluctantly ate what was given to us, even though we didn't like the looks of it.
I know exactly how old young people are.
Young people are a group that some people have trouble classifying by age.
Young people are all under twenty five years old.
According to the informant, dog weather was used to describe seasonal monsoon rains.
June and July are also very hot in Tennessee.
The weather is hot and rainless most days in August.
In order to avoid heartbreak.
In order to avoid loss.
In order to seek loss.
Nowadays these Germanisms do not even stay in the same location in the United states.
These Germanisms are no longer used within the United states.
These Germanisms are used all over the Americas these days.
By my calculations, the ODNW has more information has more information than the blurbs suggest.
The ODNW has more than thirty percent more information.
The ODNW lacks enough of the information and entries required to make it useful.
As their concept of time is linear, the passage of time is more important that the return of seasonal events.
Because they view time as circular, the return of seasonal events is more important to them.
They celebrate seasonal events because they believe time is s loop.
In other words, it means that I abide by the law at all times.
It is a way of saying that I am a lawless person.
It is a way of saying that I am not a saint.
A person's true self is revealed by concrete facts.
Clothing selection is an important part of a person's style.
The essence of a person is their style.
Do not say break.
Say bend.
Say break
All sports are named after a piece of equipment used in the sport.
Some games are not named after either equipment or court.
This often happens when a sport is created using existing equipment from other sports.
I have found three words that can be cut into two successively smaller forms.
I have not had an easy time finding a word that can be cut into two successively smaller forms.
I have taken an interest in linguistics, since I took an introductory class last year.
The Greek word from which diagnosis was borrowed meant a plant's root.
The origins of the word diagnosis can be traced back to the Greek language.
There is evidence to suggest that diagnosis was borrowed from Latin.
I could not think of a title of a book I would write about literacy
I could write a book titled The Perils of Literacy or one named A little Literacy is a dangerous Thing
There could be other titles for a book I could write about the dangers of literacy.
I am sure the Yiddish will still be alive in the year 2000.
I'm sure the Yiddish culture will unfortunately be lost by the year 2000.
The Yiddish culture has survived for more than a thousand years.
Proper nouns are often overused when translating to English from foreign languages.
The Japanese are known for their efficient use of English.
The Japanese are known for using too many words when writing in English.
Repetition is one element of impressive speech techniques.
Speakers who use this method have been shown to be thirty percent more effective.
Speakers who want to impress their audience should speak accurately and not repeat themselves.
The list was quite comprehensive and included all known disabilities.
These disabilities affect several million people in the US alone.
Various mental disabilities were left off the list for an unknown reason.
The book was dedicated to the author's mother.
The review covered all information that a reader might need to know.
The review does not cover some essential information from the dedication.
It was eventually decided that the word was not acceptable in polite company.
The word was a subject of debate many years ago.
The word was abandoned and forgotten before the end of the 19th century.
Boswell spent a few years in the company of Johnson.
Boswell wrote the Life of Johnson about 200 years ago.
The Cambridge University Press will honor the 200th anniversary of Life of Johnson with an 8mm film.
I thought that the lyrics of this song were very strange.
I thought that the song lyrics were disappointingly obvious.
Rebecca explained that I did not understand the words because I was an ignorant buffoon.
A member of the family published a book and revealed all of the family secrets.
The secret name has been passed down through the family generation after generation.
This family has a secret that remains hidden.
Some words describe sex.
The words that use sex are all slang.
They don't have words to describe sex.
Due to worries about political correctness, all potentially objectionable names were altered.
Even though some find the names objectionable, they have not been altered.
Respect for tradition demands that the original names be used without changes.
It is not easy to read the King James Bible, given its many archaisms.
The King James Bible has been fully revised to modern and simple English.
The King James Bible has many old words and phrases.
Many languages do not display much ambition at all.
The Scottish language is known to be highly ambtious.
The regional dialect is probably related to this lack of linguistic ambition.
I have never heard of the International Phonetic Alphabet and don't know why it would be included in a dictionary.
If I were to expand on the reasons why I think English dictionaries should contain the International Phonetic Alphabet, this review probably double in length.
This review is limited in scope and therefore doesn't discuss why the International Phonetic Alphabet isn't used in English dictionaries.
The acknowledgements are dedications.
The acknowledgements are not dedications.
The acknowledgements are not useful.
After the conversion is finished the target should have exactly four c's.
Each c in the target should be changed into a d.
There should be more c's in the target than d's.
An example comes from VIP.
VIP is not an example.
VIP is the best example.
Grammar and glamour have never been related to each other.
In the past the words grammar and glamour were identical.
The words separated in the 1910s when the Kaiser stole all of the L's.
I kept my head held high.
I put my head on the altar.
I put my head on the wood.
Ethnic terms have a different impact when used as or modified by adjectives versus nouns.
Nouns that are ethnic terms linguistically solidify our understanding of ethnicity in a false way.
Verbs are the only means of expressing ethnic terms.
Pilots are always perfect communicators.
Pilots are too caught up in flying to communicate well.
Pilots don't always communicate with crew members well.
Being consistent is like performing rituals.
Consistency results in random chaotic outcomes.
Ritualism is valued because it leads to a consistent result.
The book's confusing lexical choices made the content confusing.
The impeccable lexical elements of this book made it a joy to read.
This book has suspicious lexical entries.
I need you to mend my coat by sewing it.
My coat is in perfect condition, I will not need you to touch it.
There are several loose stitches on the lapel of my coat.
French novels are all about food and romance.
French novels present vivid descriptions of military experience.
Under French novels, one can find the military experience genre.
My wife raised her eyebrow as she made the inquiry.
My wife raised her eyebrows as she spoke.
My wife squinted her eyes as she spoke.
Before 1800 Missouri was not considered a US state.
The USA added ten states to its nation between 1800 and 1850.
Up to this day, Missouri is not considered a US state.
Continence is considered a vice by those who do not have it imposed on them.
Only those who do not have continence consider it to be a virtue.
Those who do not have continence imposed on them consider it a good quality.
The book just explains what the house looked like.
The book talks about how the words are used in medicine.
The book talks about the meanings of the word.
And we know that Professor Honey is correct in his writings.
We know that Professor Honey is incorrect according to his writing.
We suppose that Professor Honey is correct in all his writings.
The pianist, Lil Armstrong, was able to improvise songs.
This improvised answer went on to become one of the most famous pieces of his career.
Without a written score the pianist was unable to continue the song.
Learning to play guitar and starting a band was all that my nephew talked about.
My nephew requested an acoustic guitar for his upcoming birthday present.
What my nephew really wanted for his birthday was a banjo.
Food is different from floods or blood.
Food is exactly like blood and flood.
Food is more like rocks and trees than blood or flood.
It is generally accepted that one of the most important steps to solving a problem is first to name it.
It is generally agreed that there is no point in naming a problem, because it wastes time while new problems arise and change before solutions can be found.
Once a problem is named the solution will follow in an acceptable time frame.
Ethnic groups are all ashamed of themselves.
Some ethnic groups are really proud because they win all the wars.
Some ethnic groups have a lot of self-esteem.
Dictionaries do not talk about these senses very much.
Dictionaries usually expound on these subjects at great length.
There are other experts in the field that agree with my assessment.
Goistering refers to a baby's laugh.
They gave a name to the lady's loud laugh.
They named the lady's laugh so they could talk about it without her knowing.
He made it a rhyming word.
He wrote a poem with the word.
There was nothing it could rhyme with.
Even tho she told him to fly home it is unsure if he did or not.
In the later chapter we learn that he did in fact fly home.
She told him to stay away from home because it was not safe.
Most people only rarely find themselves in this sort of situation.
This phrase is used in the roughest and most casual of situations.
This phrase is used in unusually fancy surroundings.
Obtaining ownership of the Lite beer label was the main reason that Phillip Morris, Inc.'s Miller Brewing Co. bought out Meister Brau Inc.
Phillip Morris, Inc.'s Miller Brewing Co. bought out Meister Brau Inc. in 1972, and therefore owned the Lite beer label.
Phillip Morris, Inc.'s Miller Brewing Co. decided it didn't want the Lite beer label as part of the deal to buy out Meister Brau Inc., and discontinued the product.
Huevos does not mean balls.
Huevos is fun to say.
Huevos means balls.
The largest dictionary had more than 600'000 entries.
The largest dictionary is now out of print.
The largest dictionary is still being printed today.
It can be difficult to decide exactly where emotional appeals begin.
This piece is nothing but a dry analytical analysis.
This work has won several prestigious writing awards over the years.
Cheap and dodgy products.
Inferior and ill made merchandise.
Well made and original merchandise.
French translations are not interesting without any explanations to them.
The French word Surnom meaning surname is purely unremarkable regardless of any explanation.
Without the explanation, the french word Surnom meaning surname is not particularly fascinating.
He actually wanted to buy beer for America, but a speech impediment kept him from expressing this clearly.
He did in fact threaten to bury America several times.
It was reported that he wanted to bury America even tho this was not true.
All of Mr Kaplan's generation has died off.
All of Mr Kaplan's generation still lives today.
Most of Mr Kaplan's generation has died off.
Despite this appearance, English speakers are not unusually prone to mental instability.
English is a very logical and consistent language.
The English language is so strange that it's speakers might seem crazy.
There are only three articles.
There are twelve articles collected together in the book.
There are twelve articles in the collection.
The anomaly was eliminated several centuries ago.
This anomaly could be corrected, but the cost would be significant.
This anomaly still exists today as it did in the past.
 Echar sapos y culebras is considered to be profanity in Spanish.
 Echar sapos y culebras means to throw out frogs and snakes in French.
Spanish profanity is imaginative; echar sapos y culebras means to throw out frogs and snakes.
Languages can never be combined.
Some languages are other languages combined.
Some languages get made up by children.
Before there was language, in the times of the beginning people, it was impossible for people to determine Jim from John.
The beginning people identified themselves by using names.
The beginning people were the first people to use names.
Most words tend to be fairly old.
Nearly all words are very new inventions.
The average word is more than one hundred years old.
Before going forth, the reader may wish to attempt this challenge.
The reader may want to try this challenge before proceeding.
The reader should proceed without attempting the pointless feat.
Grantsmanship used to be more popular in the nineteenth century.
Nobody ever begs for money while wearing nice clothes.
Well dressed beggars are sometimes called grantsmen.
The spelling of a word is just tied to the person who invented it.
The spelling of a word is tied to how it was used in ancient times.
The spelling of a word is tied to its history.
Richard Lederer asked for entries in a supersentence contest that consisted of sentences with eleven words.
Richard Lederer hates reading graceful or coherent writing.
The rules of a supersentence contest always require submission of sentences with exactly eleven words.
The definitions are actually quite dry and non descriptive.
The definitions are also very whimsical seeming.
There are seventeen different definitions given.
A missing hyphen might cause problems with computer instructions.
Many computer problems are caused by missing punctuation.
Mathematical instructions written for computers never contain errors.
We only use the historic spellings.
We use modern spellings of words for titles by Shakespeare.
We use the modern spellings so we don't confuse each other.
A search was needed, but the two reference librarians didn't know how to start this process.
The lack of search capabilities was an embarrassment for the reference librarians.
The two reference librarians are experts in research and performed the needed search instantly.
Lucretius lived two thousand years ago and made plausible arguments.
Tautologists have honored the teachings of Lecretius for hundreds of years.
The arguments made by Lecretius have been proven incorrect by tautologists.
Feels like old fashioned preference, does it not.
Seems somewhat like the ideas of reformation and change making, does it not?
Sounds like the ideas of a predecessor, does it not?
Being resolute, relentless, and resourceful are skills that can be taught.
Being resolute, relentless, and resourceful are skills that cannot be taught, but are simply instinctual.
Learning to be resolute, relentless, and resourceful is challenging and difficult, but they teach it skillfully.
I had lived my whole life on the Continent.
I had only been on the Continent for six months.
I wanted to buy some things for my girlfriend.
No one knows how the Flavian Amphitheater got its name.
The Flavian family left an impressive legacy that impacts history to this day.
Vespasian was an emperor, and the Flavian Amphitheater is named after him.
Alice agreed with all of it.
Alice said no.
Alice said she wouldn't go.
Both Indians and white settlers used the oil from Oil Creek.
Nobody ever used the oil from Oil Creek.
The oil was an effective medicine for the white settlers.
Some typographical errors are not the result of a hidden unconscious motive by the typesetter.
Typesetters and typists never make typographical errors.
Upon further investigation of typographical errors, the unconscious motives of typesetters can be uncovered.
Clear verbal communication is the only way to gain information
Even in a noisy environment, you can learn the most important information by looking at facial expressions, gestures, and contextual signs.
You can understand what is being communicated by facial expressions and hand gestures even when you can't hear what is being said.
The birds and bees are mentioned in this Latin poem, but no people are described.
The love story depicted in the Latin poem explains the reason for the distance between the man and the women in the middle of the first sentence.
This romantic Latin poem references a man and a woman in the first line.
There are a lot of journals about the scientific studies.
There are a lot of journals.
There are only 2 journals.
They change the phrases to confuse people.
They say it just as they always have.
they change the words up.
Book-writing linguistics are almost ways scholars promoting their own scholarship.
Linguists make a lot of money writing books.
Most linguists write books in order to evangelize others' opinions.
The official technical manual states that pulse-tone is the correct term in this case.
The technical verbiage for this is not pulse-tone.
The use of the term pulse-tone is confusing because it it technically incorrect.
Broadway is all about the shepherds!
Broadway is too scared to make a show about shepherds.
There are few shepherds on Broadway.
The Construction Batallion is an independent organization not associated with the armed forces.
The Construction Batallion is one of the most important branches of the armed forces.
The abbreviation of the Construction Batallion of the armed forces is C.B.
Skeat is going to pay attention to the note.
Skeat isn't going to pay any attention to the note.
Skeat will study the note every day.
There are no laws or regulations surrounding trademarks.
There are two volumes of laws concerning trademarks.
Trademark law is very complicated and requires frequent references to the two volumes of the Annotated U.S.
Their written declaration was printed in the newspaper this morning.
They would like to voice an opinion, but are prevented from making any declarations at this time.
We should keep in mind that they have made no statements.
The author of this dictionary does a very thorough job of documenting and acknowledging the research that went into practically every entry.
This dictionary appears to be plagiarized from an existing dictionary written by a competitor.
This dictionary documents in the personal acknowledgments that its contents relies largely on original research.
I don't understand why they don't like the term Negro.
I understand why they don't like the word Negro.
Most other people agree that it is a racist term.
Mr. Nields hated saying that!
Mr. Nields liked to use those words because they were historic.
Mr. Nields said he was happy to use those words.
A program chairman prepared some introductory remarks.
Nobody prepared any introductory remarks.
The introductory remarks were very long.
Deborah Cameron and Deborah Hills have inside information about what happens at LBC Radio, which I find very interesting.
I am interested in LBC Radio, London's all-talk radio station and its programmes.
I don't own a radio and have no interest in listening to radio programmes.
Extensive research of the composition proved that the fire had to begin in the string section.
The impression given was that the fire started in the string section.
The string section was the only thing that remained after the fire, so obviously the fire started in another section.
It's very obvious what happens.
What happens is a huge surprise for the audience.
What happens is a surprise.
A rash is the first external sign of syphilis.
There are no symptoms of syphilis.
There is a rash that comes along with some STIs.
The Gazette was the most popular newspaper in NY.
The Gazette was the news paper in Mexico.
The newspaper in NY was called the Gazette.
Even if they can't speak the language, they should be able to answer the questions.
People who can't speak the language will have a hard time answering.
They would be better off if they had someone to interpret.
Cats sometimes have five legs, so the people made a saying about it.
The saying is about cats with three legs.
There is an idiom about a cat's fifth leg.
Xerography is about just nouns.
Xerography is related to word meaning.
Xerography is related to word meanings of technical terms.
It also sweeps words when passing by.
It sweeps words quickly.
When passing, it sweeps nothing.
He has no noticeable accent and a perfectly normal intonation when he speaks standard English.
He is using standard English grammer and vocabulary found in newspapers, books, and magazines in an attempt to disguise himself, but his foreign accent gives him away.
His accent and possibly his intonation are what is noticeable when he uses standard English grammer and vocabulary.
They only typed in punctuation.
They typed in numbers on the big grey keyboard.
They typed in numbers.
They call the dents cute names to make the car owner feel better.
They give names to the different dents.
They just call them all dents.
someone did nothing wrong
someone was raped
something was dong wrong
Cliches are a certain type of expression.
Cliches are delicious foods.
Cliches are only used by old folks.
I'm in total agreement with Hendrickson.
I'm not in agreement with Hendrickson about the origin of the horse latitudes.
I'm pretty sure that Hendrickson didn't have much to base his ideas on.
Grammar has changed but not too much.
Grammar has changed so much that nobody can understand.
People who have trouble with grammar could certainly have trouble understanding.
I am bored.
I find nothing worth my time.
I find some of the things worth my time.
No other language has this kind of ambiguity.
This ambiguity is true about most languages.
This makes learning the language more difficult.
That's just the normal way of things with money.
That's just what happens with money.
You could never know what happens with money.
Just clearing up the the details will make the question more understandable.
The question should be answerable even with the mislaid details.
You can't answer the question when the details are not laid out properly.
Kermit is the name for a certain type of telecommunications protocol.
The Kermit telecommunications protocol refers to a way of talking between Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp.
The Kermit telecommunications protocol was named after a frog.
The book is nonfiction.
The book might need a second pitching.
The book will only need one pitching no matter what.
The reference I have is outdated.
The reference I have is sketchy.
The reference i have is complete.
Everyone in Santa Fe has an American name.
Most of the people in Santa Fe have Hispanic names.
There are a lot of Spanish names in Santa Fe.
Children's words allay crashes, bombs and aborts on computers.
Children's words are soft and warm which allays our fears about computers that crash and bomb and abort.
Soft and warm words from children allow us to not fear that computers that crash, bomb and abort.
Freud is blamed for the change.
Freud is somewhat at fault.
Freud is totally blameless.
Publishers are always happy to give tapes of their work out to anyone.
Publishers don't want to give researchers the tapes of the text because it might get released too early.
Publishers don't want to give researchers the tapes of the text.
Money got its name from animals.
Money was not named after animals.
One coin is named after a lion.
Hackers enjoy translating computer slang into normal English.
Hackers would not understand what I just wrote.
I think hackers can generally understand computer jargon.
Cayuse was used on the ranch.
I was mystified by ranching terms.
I was not mystified by ranching terms.
Thanks to the police force, murders are at an all-time low.
There has been a rise in murders because a serial killer is on the loose.
There has been a rise in murders.
There are 200 syllothetic modifiers.
There are more than 100 syllothetic modifiers.
There are only 50 syllothetic modifiers.
A definition may be technically correct yet have two or more interpretations that people would argue about.
All of the definitions have been agreed upon by all parties.
You may disagree with some definitions even though they are not entirely wrong.
Each Yiddish dialect pronounces the 'e' in this word differently.
The e in this word is pronounced the same in all varieties of Yiddish.
There are 20 varieties of Yiddish.
According to RH-II, this expression means to be on the verge of.
This South Midland expression means I'm hungry.
This expression was imported into the US from Creole slang.
A dishonorable discharge is ordered for that person.
That person is being discharged honorably.
That person is being discharged.
Al of the words are easy to understand.
There are lots of silly words that decribe the government.
We were handed a long list of strange terms.
Cross-talk changes depending on the audience.
Cross-talk isn't acceptable for some audiences.
Cross-talk never occurs.
The meaning could not be understood by any of us.
The meaning was perfectly clear to us.
We had no further questions about it.
She explained the theory of evolution to her audience.
The teacher deliberately tried to give her lecture using obscure words.
The teacher tried to explain in audience-appropriate terms.
Mr Levitt was childless.
Mr. Levitt had a daughter.
Mr. Levitt's daughter was 17.
The Greek word for competition has come to mean pain in English because of the agony that took place during the competitions.
The word agon originally meant competition in Greek.
The word agon originally meant pain and suffering in Greek
The flashes of wisdom are of  no importance.
The flashes of wisdom are of great significance.
The flashes of wisdom should always be considered.
A reporter for The Economist was in Tokyo and noticed a particular T-shirt.
The T-shirt that said  O D on Bourgeoisie Milk Boy Milk seemed out of place and confusing in Tokyo.
The correspondent for The Economist in Tokyo couldn't read the T-shirt he saw.
The subjective satisfactory is a person.
The subjective satisfactory is not trouble.
The subjective satisfactory is trouble.
Esperanto is a real language that already has all of the weaknesses of other languages.
Esperanto is spoken by less than one percent of the world's population.
Polysemy is one problem that natural languages have.
Honey can speak several accents.
Honey's treatment needs an explanation.
Honey's treatment needs no explanation.
Jack Brooks is a plumber.
Jack Brooks is a politician from Nebraska.
Jack Brooks is a politician.
Peter C. Newman and Pierre Berton are popular writers of Canadian history.
There have been exactly two books written on the history of Canada's North, and these were by popular writers Newman and Berton.
Though they wrote many popular modern songs, Peter C. Newman and Pierre Berton never wrote books about history.
Hogwash is defined as that which is nonsensical and worthless.
Hogwash is most commonly used to describe the most important and sensible things.
The term Hogwash is formed because of the stench that comes from washing pigs.
It took place in no time at all, you know.
It was the quickest event I had ever experiences, you know.
The event took ages to come to an end, you know.
It is definitely not related to polytheism and monotheism.
It might be a go between between polytheism and monotheism.
It's the missing link between polytheism and monotheism.
Because my secretary spoke no English, I had to write the letters for her to type.
My secretary does not speak English or French, but I do.
When I took my first job, I could either read nor write in French.
The King James Bible contains both the Old and the New Testament.
The King James Bible contains only the Old Testament.
The King James Bible is made solely for a Christian audience.
He doesn't try because he has no motivation.
He has all of the worries in the world.
He is not worried because he doesn't try.
Men only refers to males.
Women are included in the label of man now that feminism has progressed.
Women are included in the label of man.
The list of pronunciation didn't help me at all.
The pronunciation list helped everyone.
The pronunciation list only included the most basic things.
The Omni Gazetteer of the United States is a first step.
The Omni Gazetteer of the United States is about animals.
The Omni Gazetteer of the United States is comprehensive.
Typewriters require electric assistance to form words.
Typewriters require the user to push the buttons with adequate force to form the letters.
Typewriters required no electric components.
A dictionary has a lot to offer.
A dictionary required more than specialist skills.
A dictionary requires only a specialist's skills.
Gruyare makes the best cheese.
Gruyare the cheese is nothing like the place.
You cannot separate Gruyare cheese from the place.
Are you able to see that curious little beast?
Do you see that curious beast over there?
I cannot see that curious little beast.
I enjoy reading back issues.
I enjoy reading back magazine issues.
I only read current issues.
Jogging up and down.
Sprinting up and down.
Walking up and down.
One Swede church isn't the same as that Swedish church.
THe Swede Church and the Swedish church are the same.
The Swede Church and the Swedish church are pretty much different.
She gestured toward another, bushier shrub.
She gestured towards a bush that was somewhat depressing.
That bush is less bushy than the other.
A king that sets up an order of succession is always accused of showing signs of weakness.
A president has a vice-president, but a king does not have a vice-king.
It is never obvious who will take over for a king in the event of his death, but it is obvious for a president.
I was born in Iceland and grew up there, where there are no trains.
In the South, train stations are referred to as the depot, and pronounced DEE-po.
There were miles of train tracks near my parent's home in the South.
All words fit.
Some words do not fit in the puzzle.
